All these definitions, while sounding impressive, do not stand up under close scrutiny
所有这些定义虽然听上去煞有其事，但都经不起推敲。

But even more impressive is the progress in just a single year.
但更令人印象深刻的是仅仅一年中谷歌取得的进步。

His relationship with the KGB came under scrutiny.
他与克格勃的关系受到了审查。

This moment will live in our memory for many years to come
这一时刻将在我们的记忆中留存许多年。

They said that compulsory identity cards would infringe civil liberties.
他们说强制办理身份证会侵犯公民的自由。

People fear that security cameras could infringe personal liberties.
人们担心保安摄像机会侵犯人身自由。

English is a compulsory subject at this level.
英语在这一级别是必修科目。

All the holidays on offer are subject to availability
现行所有的节假日只有在情况允许时才可放假。

There are wide variations caused by different academic programme structures
不同的教学项目结构造成了巨大的差异。

The dial records very slight variations in pressure.
该刻度盘能显示很微小的压力变化。

My watch has a luminous dial so I can see it in the dark.
我的表有个发光的表盘，因此在暗处也可以看见时间

Heat the liquid in a large, wide container rather than a high narrow one, or it can boil over.
把液体放在大而宽的容器里加热，不要用高而窄的，否则液体沸腾后会溢出来。

You should not go out in the heat of the day.
你不应该在天最热的时候外出。

He took one smell of the liquid and his eyes began to water.
他闻了一下那种液体，就流起泪来了。

The survey formed part of a larger programme of research.
这个调查是研究计划的一部分。

The results of the survey fell into two distinct groups.
调查结果分为截然不同的两组。

This book is divided into two distinct parts.
这本书分为内容不同的两部分。

This design aims for harmony of form and function.
这个设计旨在使形式和功能协调一致。

Education aims at removing fetters from the mind.
教育的目的在于解除思想的枷锁。

They were at last freed from the fetters of ignorance.
他们终于从愚昧无知的束缚中解脱出来。

The author has settled for a more academic approach
那位作者已确定采用更为学术的方法。

The dispute was settled without acrimony
没有唇枪舌剑，这场纠纷就解决了。

They hope for a peaceful settlement of the dispute.
他们希望和平解决争端。

They were able to achieve a settlement without using military force.
他们没有诉诸武力就解决了问题。

I came up on deck to get my first glimpse of the island
我登上甲板第一次看这岛

Please state your name, age and occupation below.
请写明姓名、年龄和职业。

Historians annotate, check and interpret the diary selections.
历史学家对日记选篇进行加注、核查以及阐释。

The street opened out into a small square
街道豁然变宽，成为一个小广场。

She was inexperienced and needed a guiding hand.
她缺乏经验，需要有人指导。

I'm tired of your eternal arguments.
我烦透了你们那没完没了的争论。

A wedding ring is a symbol of eternal love between a married couple.
结婚戒指象征已婚夫妇之间永恒的爱。

Use shears with a long reach for cutting high hedges.
用长柄大剪刀修剪高树篱。

The conflict has now reached a new level of intensity.
冲突现在已经达到了新的激烈程度。

Speech is made up of sound waves that vary in frequency and intensity.
语音是由不同频率和强度的声波组成的。

Many businessmen think that a world where relative prices never varied would be nirvana.
很多商人认为，一个相对价格从不变化的地方会是极乐世界。

Why did the bank not conduct its own audit before lending still more?
银行为什么不在贷出更多钱之前先审计自己的账目呢？

As a complete method of economic efficiency auditing, it includes the spheres of technology, ideology and working methodology.
作为完整的经济效益审计方法，应包括技术方法，思想方法和工作方法。

He and I moved in totally different social spheres.
我和他处在完全不同的社会圈子里。

Generally, the programs of the president and the proposals of the governor appear to differ in degree and emphasis rather than ideology.
总的来说，总统的方案和州长的提议似乎只是在程度和强调的重点上有所不同，根本的思想观念几乎无异。

The government revoked her husband's license to operate migrant labor crews.
政府撤销了她丈夫管理外来打工人群的许可证。

The area was an important resting place for many types of migrant birds.
这个地区是多种候鸟的重要栖息地。

Those who could not write signed with a cross.
不会写字的人画十字代替签名。

The country was sliding into a state of virtual civil war.
这个国家实际上正逐渐进入内战状态。

The job brings with it status and a high income.
担任这一职务既有显贵的地位又有丰厚的收入。

According to superstition, breaking a mirror brings bad luck.
按照迷信的说法，摔碎镜子会带来噩运。

As an examiner, she showed no favour to any candidate.
作为主考人她没有偏袒任何应试者。

A new manager has been appointed to direct the project.
已任命一位新经理来管理这项工程。

Every year a national plan outlines and assigns special problems for research.
每年国家规划并分配特别的研究题目。

We hope that you will appoint our company as the sole distributor in japan.
我方希望贵方能指定我公司为日本的独家经销人。

The soles are made of leather.
鞋底是皮革做的。

10 staff were allocated to the task
10名员工被分配来完成这项任务。

Have you an appointment?
你有约会吗？

It is not known exactly what issues the inspectors raised in the Satyam file.
目前还不清楚检查人员在satyam的档案中具体提出了哪些事项。

He was personally criticized by inspectors for his incompetence.
他因能力差而受到检查员的个别批评。

The document was duly signed by the inspector.
这份文件已由检查员签妥。

The crew fought a losing battle to try to restart the engines.
全体船员努力尝试重新启动发动机，但结果徒劳无功。

The conditions imposed on volunteers were stringent.
对志愿者的限定条件非常严格。

Effect of novel fault current limiters on power system transient stability
新型固态故障限流器对电力系统暂态稳定性的影响

In a novel form and content are equally important.
小说的形式和内容同样重要。

Don't be so heavy on her ─ it wasn't her fault.
别对她这么苛刻——这不是她的过错。

Being back with their family should provide emotional stability for the children.
回到家人身边会使儿童的情绪稳定下来。

Disability is a physical limitation on your life.
残疾在身体方面限制了你的生活。

Many reduced fares are hedged around with restrictions.
很多优惠费率都带有限制条件。

Her position as a small and weak state hedged in by a large and powerful Republic became untenable.
它作为一个被强大的共和国所包围住的弱小的州的地位已难以维持。

Your Run Configuration popup dialog should look like Figure 5.
您的Run Configuration弹出对话框应该如图5所示。

Research on traffic control schema based on property of video traffic
基于视频流量特性分析的流量控制机制研究

The measures are intended to restore public confidence in the economy.
这些举措旨在恢复公众对经济的信心。

All the light bars were turned on which filled the room with these rotating beams of light
所有灯条都打开了，满屋都是旋转的光柱。

The cottage had exposed oak beams.
小屋的橡木梁裸露着。

After a series of road accidents the police pleaded for sanity among drivers.
在发生一系列交通事故之后，警方提请驾驶人要谨慎驾车。

Although I soon convinced him of my innocence, I think he still has serious doubts about my sanity
虽然我很快便让他相信我是清白的，但是我想他仍然非常怀疑我是否神志正常。

The model is applicable equally to the web service requestor.
该模型同样适用于Web服务的需求方。

A neighbor sheltered the boy for seven days.
一个邻居收留了这个男孩在他家藏了7天。

The newly discovered notes are nothing more than Lang's personal journal.
新发现的笔记只不过是朗的个人日志。

I put my journal away and prepared for bed
我把杂志收好，准备睡觉。

Manufacturing processes may be affected by the functionality of the product.
生产过程可能要受到产品设计目的的影响。

Many jobs in manufacturing were lost during the recession.
在经济衰退期，制造业有很多人失业了。

It is significantly more compact than any comparable laptop, with no loss in functionality.
它比同类笔记本电脑小巧很多，但功能未减。

A comparable house in the south of the city would cost twice as much.
一栋类似的房子位于城南部就要贵一倍的价钱。

All those three books are compacted and compressed into one book.
那三本书的内容全都压缩进一本书了。

Furthermore, it can also significantly increase, in the future, the final production of consumer goods and the real income of all economic agents.
此外，它能显著地增加未来的最终消费品生产，以及全部经济主体的实际收入。

He's busy touting his client's latest book around London's literary agents.
他正忙于向伦敦各文学作品代理人兜售他的委托人的一部新书。

In America they are touting Hugh Grant as the next Cary Grant ( no relation).
在美国，他们把休·格兰特吹捧为第二个加里·格兰特（两人并无亲属关系）。

It was Chaucer who really turned English into a literary language.
是乔叟使英语真正变成了文学语言。

Many corporate methods have been adopted by American managers in imitation of Japanese practice.
美国的管理人员效仿日本人的做法，采用了很多经营公司的方法。

He does an imitation of Tony Blair.
他滑稽地模仿托尼∙布莱尔。

It remains to be seen whether or not this idea can be put into practice.
这一想法能否付诸实践还有待于观察。

You are buying direct, rather than through an agent.
你这是直接购买，而不是通过代理人。

The article predicates that the market collapse was caused by weakness of the dollar.
这篇文章声言，市场的崩溃是美元疲软造成的。

The system is in imminent danger of collapse.
这个体制面临着崩溃的危险。

The blink of beacon could be seen for smiles.
灯塔的光亮在数英里之外都能看见。

He tried not to let his irritation show as he blinked in the glare of the television lights.
电视镁光灯的强光让他直眨眼睛，他努力不让自己的恼怒表现出来。

People living or working with smokers can find it uncomfortable to wear contact lenses because the smoke causes irritation.
与吸烟者一起生活或工作的人会发现戴隐形眼镜不舒服，因为烟具有刺激作用。

Why aren't all lenses supplied with a lens hood?
为什么不给所有的镜头都配上遮光罩呢？

A lens would magnify the picture so it would be like looking at a large TV screen.
透镜会把图片放大，就像在看巨大的电视屏幕一样。

You really need a magnifying glass to appreciate all the fine detail.
确实需要放大镜才能欣赏到一切细微之处。

He was wearing black combat trousers and a hooded fleece.
他穿着黑色作战裤和带风帽的羊毛衣。

He was killed in combat.
他在战斗中阵亡。

Use wood of at least 12 mm thickness.
使用至少12毫米厚的木材。

But there is also time for brief diversions onto bizarre ground, such as a discussion of the skyscraper index ( which holds that a boom in skyscraper construction is a foolproof sign of an imminent recession).
但也有时间去做一些奇怪的事情,比如讨论摩天大楼指数（该指数认为摩天大楼建设的繁荣是经济衰退迫在眉睫的绝对迹象）。

The girls watched, little teasing smiles animating their faces.
女孩们注视着，脸上挂着调皮的微笑，显得愈加活泼。

One example will suffice to illustrate the point.
举一个例子就足以说明这一点。

Here a single example will suffice.
这里只举一个例子就够了。

The plane was descending.
飞机正在下降。

They determined to start early.
他们决定早点出发。

The music was a hybrid of Western pop and traditional folk song.
这种音乐融合了西方流行音乐和传统民歌。

This joint declaration and its annexes shall be equally binding.
本联合声明及其附件具有同等约束力。

We shall take the treasure away to a safe place.
我们应该把这些宝物带到一个安全的地方。

In 1971, the 1p and 2p decimal coins were introduced in Britain.
1971年，英国引进了1便士和2便士的十进制硬币。

He thumbed through a couple of pages, feigning just a slight interest
他随手翻了几页，假装兴趣不大。

She thumbed off the safety catch of her pistol.
她用拇指打开了手枪的保险栓。

The man fired several shots from his pistol.
那个男人用手枪开了几枪。

The huge boat cleaved the darkness.
那艘巨轮在黑暗中破浪前行。

The bridge is reinforced with huge steel girders.
这座桥用巨大的钢梁加固了。

Our vote today indicates a change in United States policy
我们今天的选举表明了美国政策的一种变化。

The research was carried out on a modest scale.
这个研究项目开展的规模不算太大。

Their music has been preserved for posterity.
他们的音乐已为后世保存起来。

She was busy pegging her tent to the ground.
她忙着用橛子把帐篷钉牢在地上。

We could pitch our tent in that field.
我们可以临时把帐篷搭在那块地上。

The match is off because of a waterlogged pitch.
由于场地积水太多比赛被取消了。

The pilot was given clearance to land by air traffic control.
飞行员得到空中交通管制站发出的着陆许可。

The general gave the order to advance.
将军下令前进。

This skirt needs some new elastic in the waist.
这条裙子需要换一根松紧腰带。

I've got stacks of work to do.
我有一大堆活儿要做。

Zooming is not possible while in macro mode
在微距模式下不可能实现变焦。

The forehand stroke should be fluid and well balanced.
正手击球应该保证动作流畅和平稳。

I used my thumbnail to tighten the screw on my lamp
我用拇指指甲把台灯上的螺钉拧紧了。

These screws are metric.
这些螺丝钉是用公制尺码制造的。

Use the formula to calculate the volume of the container.
用公式计算容器的容积。

Physics used to be very much a male domain.
物理学曾在很大程度上是男人的领域。

How do you make the wheels go round?
你是怎么让轮子转起来的？

We would like to apologize for the delay.
我们愿对延迟表示歉意。

The delta region of the Rio Grande river was a forsaken land of thickets and swamps.
里奥格兰德河三角洲曾是一片遍布荆棘和沼泽的荒废之地。

We divide into pairs and each pair takes a region
我们分成两人一组，每一组负责一个区域。

The computer performs calculations in binary and converts the results to decimal.
计算机以二进制数进行计算，而后把计算结果转换为十进制数。

Normally a point in space is identified by means of coordinates.
空间中的点通常是依靠坐标来定位的。

The remaining 22% lived in the home of another family member ( such as a grandparent, in-law or sibling), a non-relative, or in group quarters like college dormitories.
剩下的22%住在另一个家庭成员的家中(如祖父母、公婆/岳父母或兄弟姐妹)、没有血缘关系的朋友家或者团体宿舍(如大学宿舍)。

Adaptive Real-time Motion Detection System Based on Pixel Change Detection
一种基于像素变化检测的自适应实时运动检测系统

All delegates must wear a badge.
所有代表都要佩戴徽章。

During his talk, most of the delegates had one eye on the clock.
他讲话时大部分代表边听边悄悄看钟。

The resin from which the oil is extracted comes from a small, tough tree.
用于提取这种油的树脂取自于一种矮小坚韧的树。

The interval between major earthquakes might be 200 years.
大地震之间的间隔时间可能有200年。

Her eyes suddenly alighted on the bundle of documents.
她的目光突然落到了这捆文件上。

They suddenly became aware of people looking at them.
他们突然意识到有些人在瞧着他们。

The phantom used to appear unexpectedly, but mostly during the winter.
那个幽灵过去常常出人意料地出现，但是大多在冬季。

They didn't want to raise any false hopes, but they believed her husband had escaped capture.
他们并不想让人心存奢望，但是他们相信她的丈夫已逃脱追捕。

The standard spec includes stainless steel holding tanks.
标准配置里包含了不锈钢储液罐。

The workers are casting a stainless steel bust.
工人们正在铸造一座不锈钢的胸像。

The aluminium body is 12% lighter than if built with steel.
用铝制作比用钢制作重量要轻12%。

You must use an appropriate validator for the attribute type.
您必须为属性类型使用一个适当的确认器。

It took time until the political situation had normalized.
政治局势过了很长时间才恢复正常。

He deprecated the low quality of entrants to the profession
他不赞成进入这一行业的人素质低下

His grammar and syntax, both in oral and written expression, were much better than the average.
无论口头还是笔头，他的文法和句法都非常出众。

This is the number of time segments which are averaged before a cross power matrix is produced and stored on disk.
这是在互功率矩阵产生之前并且存在磁盘上做平均的时间段的数目。

Software Development and Optimization Design on the Structure of Honeycomb Regenerator
蜂窝体蓄热室结构优化及软件开发

Research on Trajectory Optimization Control Method Based on Generalized Work Principle
基于广义功原理弹道最优控制方法研究

The Times staff changed quickly into coveralls.
《时代》杂志人员很快地换上了工作服。

Don't gulp your food down, it's both rude and bad for your stomach.
别狼吞虎咽，那样既粗鲁又伤胃。

Vegetarians believe that eating meat is bad karma.
素食者认为吃肉食是造恶业。

There're coverage of foreign news in the newspaper.
报纸上有国外的新闻报道。

Can I have one Mocha coffee? Large, please.
我要一杯大杯的摩卡咖啡。

In contrast, products that will induce regret are better off using a markdown strategy.
相反，那些会引起后悔情绪的商品，则更适合降价促销策略。

What can you do to optimize your family situation?
你如何能充分利用自己的家庭条件？

Transliteration Unit Alignment Method Based on the First Syllable Letter Mapping
基于音节首字母匹配的音译单元对齐方法

In my experience, these functions are needed only rarely in entry actions so this workaround should not uglify user code too much.
以我的经验，在进入动作中很少需要这些函数，所以这一方法不会使得用户代码太过难看。

he WebSphere Application Server offers one example of this workaround.
WebSphere应用服务器提供了一个这种解决方法的例子。

She gets on well with her peer group.
她和同龄人相处融洽。

This is your typical English pub.
这就是典型的英格兰酒吧。

If you need to write a lot of similar letters, set up a template on your computer.
如果你需要写许多类似的信件，就在计算机上设一个模板。

According to this scheme, radicals RC are generated by some unspecified means.
按照这一图式，自由基rc是由某些未详细说明的方法产生的。

Obviously, no company has infinite resources.
显然，没有哪个公司的资源是无限的。

The discovery of the bomb prompted an increase in security.
此次发现炸弹促使当局加强了安全工作。

A three-stage life has few transitions, while a multi-stage life has many.
三阶段的生活很少有过渡，而多阶段的人生则有很多。

There was a blackboard with seven names chalked on it.
黑板上用粉笔写着7个人名。

All that the tourists see are the externals of our faith.
游客们看到的只是我们信仰的表面情况。

The whole house echoed.
整个房子充满回声。

Her footsteps echoed in the empty room.
她的脚步声在空荡荡的屋子里回响着。

At least 5 000 missiles were deployed along the border.
沿边境至少部署了5000枚导弹。

Study and Application of Bootstrap Method in Vehicle Fault Detection Technology
Bootstrap法在车辆故障检测中的研究及应用

Migrating birds filled the pale sky
灰白的天空中满是迁徙的飞鸟。

Veins showed through her pale skin.
她苍白的皮肤下一条条血管清晰可见。

The veins carry blood to the heart.
静脉把血液输送到心脏。

They were coerced into negotiating a settlement.
他们被迫通过谈判解决。

We want to get all the parties back to the negotiating table.
我们想把有关各方拉回到谈判桌上来。

Well, the gradient is also a way to package partials together.
同样地，梯度也是把偏导数糅合到一起。

The combined effect of uplift and denudation upon the temperature gradient can be obtained by formula ( 3.86).
抬升和剥蚀对温度梯度的联合效应可以根据公式（3.86）进行估定。

Water is composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
水由氢气和氧气组成。

There were several simultaneous attacks by the rebels.
反叛者同时发动了几起攻击。

Just as they were leaving the rebels started shelling.
他们正撤离时，叛军开始炮击。

We suffered weeks of heavy shelling.
我们遭受了几星期的密集炮击。

Property values have suffered another reverse.
房地产价值再次遭受损失。

This building is government property.
这座大楼是政府的财产。

He let himself in with a duplicate key.
他用一把复制的钥匙打开门进去。

These retries themselves could lead to performance problems.
这些重试本身可能会导致性能问题。

A great chunk of loose kerbing smashed into my left-front wheel, bursting the tyre and denting the rim
我车子的左前轮撞在一大块松动的路缘石上，导致车胎爆裂、轮辋凹陷。

The car bumped the kerb.
汽车撞到路边石了。

She found a pretty yellow jug smashed to bits.
她发现一个漂亮的黄色小罐被摔得粉碎。

That back tyre needs changing.
那个后轮胎需要更换。

She looked at him over the rim of her glass.
她的目光越过玻璃杯的边沿看着他。

For example, when information is uploaded to a repository, a digital object identifier ( DOI) is assigned.
例如，当信息上传到储存库里时，会分配一个数字对象标识符。

If the company was to relocate, most employees would move
如果这个公司要搬迁，多数员工也要搬家。

At checkout, your bill will be printed for you.
结账时，旅馆会把你的账单打印给你。

This aria is a joy to listen to.
这段唱腔有听头儿。

Research and design of middleware in network test system
网络化测试系统中间件的研究与设计

Only a small fraction of a bank's total deposits will be withdrawn at any one time.
任何时候，一家银行的总存款只有少量会被提取。

The fraction was then multiplied by 100 and rounded to the nearest half or whole number
然后，分数被乘以100，取整为最接近的半数或整数。

The bell sounded for the end of the class.
下课铃响了。

Research on Optimum Design of Reducer Based on Finite Element Method
基于有限元分析法的减速器的优化设计研究

Aim to do some physical activity three times a week for optimum health.
为了达到最佳的健康状况，要力争每周进行3次身体锻炼。

It is quite possible that space and time are finite.
很有可能空间和时间是有限的。

One followed by two ciphers is 100.
1的后面跟两个0是100。

Plug the transformer into the mains.
将变压器插入电源。

They issued a special set of stamps to mark the occasion.
他们特别发行了一套纪念邮票。

The EU has issued a new set of directives on pollution.
欧盟发布了一系列关于污染的新指令。

Foreign visitors help to give a truly international flavour to the occasion.
外国客人使这个场合显出一种真正国际性的气氛。

It set off a chain reaction in the international money markets.
这一事件在国际金融市场上引起了连锁反应。

Implementation of a Monitoring System Model for Distributed Object Based on Interceptors
基于截获器的分布式对象监测系统实现

The philosophical problems of chance and of free will are closely related.
或然性和自由意志这两个哲学问题是紧密相关的。

He pondered, as if over some deep philosophical point.
他沉思着，仿佛在思索某个深奥的哲学问题。

Perhaps, taken slightly out of context, Piaget's statement seems harsh.
或许稍微脱离语境来看，皮亚杰的话有些过火。

A new satellite has been put into orbit around the earth.
一颗新的人造卫星被送上了环绕地球的轨道。

He was a past-master at manipulating the media for his own ends
他是操纵媒体为自己服务的老手。

Emphasis was placed on the school as a transmitter of moral values.
人们强调学校为道德价值观的传输者。

Age affects the range of a person's capabilities.
年龄影响着一个人能力的大小。

Barry was sitting on the bed, tying the laces of an old pair of running shoes.
巴里正坐在床上系他那双旧跑鞋的鞋带。

We had to take action to protect the proprietary technology.
我们必须采取措施保护专利技术。

Left margin including indent must be less than the right margin.
含缩进值的左页边距必须小于右页边距。

Water is becoming an increasingly precious resource.
水正成为日益珍贵的资源。

So far, machines have a pretty hard time emulating creativity, arbitrary enough not to be predicted by a computer, and yet more than simple randomness.
到目前为止，机器很难模仿创造力，它的任意程度让计算机无法预测，但也不仅仅是简单的随机性。

The choice of players for the team seemed completely arbitrary.
看来这个队的队员完全是随意选定的。

All countries, it was predicted, would develop and develop fast.
据预测，所有国家都会实现发展而且发展速度会很快。

Acceleration and velocity are both vectors.
加速度和速度都是矢量。

NATO countries have been forced to confront fundamental moral questions.
北约国家被迫正视基本的道德问题。

This was the first time he had confronted an armed robber.
这是他第一次面对一个武装劫匪。

The ethnic minorities will be effectively stateless.
少数民族人士实际上将沦为无国籍的人。

ARQ protocol based on time delay in half-duplex HF data communication
基于时延约束的半双工短波数据通信ARQ技术

The teacher walked around inspecting their work.
老师走来走去检查他们的作业。

The car was found on a piece of waste ground.
那辆车是在一块荒地里发现的。

She's the prettiest, most ethereal romantic heroine in the movies.
她是所有电影中最美丽、最飘逸的爱情女主角。

The heroine made her exit to great applause.
女主角在热烈的掌声中退场。

There was a great round of applause when the dance ended.
舞蹈结束的时候，爆发出了一阵热烈的掌声。

All Singaporeans have to pass exams in the official language of their ethnic group as well as English.
所有新加坡人都必须通过他们自己民族的官方语言及英语的考试。

The police are trying to recruit more officers from ethnic minorities.
警察机关正试图从少数民族中征募更多的新警员。

We are recruiting a sales manager with responsibility for the European market.
我们正在招聘负责欧洲市场的销售经理。

I think we have a moral responsibility to help these countries.
我认为我们在道义上有责任帮助这些国家。

The longest chapter in almost any book on baby care is on feeding
几乎所有关于婴儿护理的书籍中内容最多的一章都是喂养。

Good writing is unfortunately the exception rather than the rule.
可惜优秀的文字作品真是可遇不可求。

Nobody had much money at the time and I was no exception.
那时候谁都没有很多钱，我也不例外。

First, I'll explain the rules of the game.
首先我要说明一下游戏规则。

The government is ready to declare a permanent ceasefire.
政府已准备宣布永久的停火。

United Nations troops enforced a ceasefire in the area.
联合国军队在该地区强制执行停火命令。

The data instance is serialized as multipart form data.
数据实例被序列化为包含多部分的表单数据

And, I've achieved octet stability in a new way.
这样，我就以一种新方式得到八电子稳定结构。

The organization was formed to prioritize the needs of older people.
这个机构是为优先满足老年人的需要而成立的。

Research Report of the Personal Water Purification System and Preprocess System
个人净水器及其前置处理系统的研究报告

Experimental study on the air cleaner's purification effect for indoor formaldehyde, ammonia and TVOC
空气净化器对室内甲醛、氨气和tvoc净化效果的实验研究

A church in Moscow became a repository for police files.
莫斯科的一座教堂成为警方存放档案的地点。

Keep on until you get to the church.
一直往前走到教堂。

You should collect all your awards, transcripts, resumes, and even teaching ideas and compile them in a large binder.
你应该收集所有的奖状、成绩单、简历、甚至是教学思想，然后装订在一起。

We had no option but to abort the mission.
我们别无选择，只有取消这项任务。

They tried to buffer themselves against problems and uncertainties.
他们尽力保护自己免受困难和不确定因素的影响。

The handlebars developed a wobble.
这车把松动摇晃了。

It is essential to keep the two groups separate.
将这两组隔开是完全必要的。

Now this machine gives us such high resolution that we can see very small specks of calcium.
现在这台机器可以呈现很高的分辨率，我们可以看见非常小的钙微粒。

She had the implicit trust of her staff.
她得到了全体职员的绝对信任。

It's a useful introduction to an extremely complex subject.
这是对一门极为复杂的学科的有益入门教程。

The search party was teleported down to the planet's surface.
搜索队被传送到那个星球的表面。

As the child gets older, so his or her strategies for storing and retrieving information improve.
随着孩子们长大，他们储存和检索信息的能力也会提高。

The automatic testing algorithm of referencing uninitialized variables is proposed.
提出了引用未初始化变量自动测试算法。

The wide plain, with thousands of animals on the move, was an awesome spectacle.
成千上万的动物在辽阔的平原上活动构成了令人赞叹的奇观。

The sunset was a stunning spectacle.
夕阳西斜，异常壮观。

Representatives from the country were included as observers at the conference.
这个国家的代表都被列为会议的观察员。

A new Eval method for adhesive strength of thin film on substrate
评价镀膜与基材结合力的一种新方法

Glue the mirror in with a strong preset.
用强力胶将镜子固定到位。

Research on Substrate Image Recognition System Based on CMOS Sensor
基于CMOS传感器的基片图像识别系统的研究

The increase in pay costs was more than offset by higher productivity
提高的生产率抵消了增加的工资成本后仍有结余。

The school took the full force of the explosion.
爆炸的全部破坏力都集中在这所学校。

The design and application of a new end-to-end data encryption system
一种新型端端数据加密方法的设计与应用

"A comparison point is in the 1990s battles over encryption," said Kurt Opsahl, general counsel of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a privacy watchdog group.
“可与之相比的就是，20世纪90年代有关加密的争夺战，”库尔特·奥普萨尔说道，他是隐私监督组织电子前沿基金会的法律总顾问。

You can preset the radiators to come on when you need them to.
你可以预先调好暖气，使它在你需要的时候启动。

Many people are upgrading their mobiles to top-end models.
很多人不断将手机升级到最高档的款式。

Car usage is predicted to increase.
汽车的使用率预计会增长。

Using an alias, he had rented a house in Fleet, Hampshire.
他用化名在汉普郡的舰队街租了间房子。

One prominent symptom of the disease is progressive loss of memory.
这种疾病的一个显著症状就是记忆逐渐丧失。

The story was given a prominent position on the front page.
这则报道刊登在头版的显著位置。

This program accepts input from most word processors.
这个程序可接受大多数文字处理系统输入的信息。

Apollo IX astronauts sang it on March 8.1969 ．
阿波罗九号的宇航员于1969年3月8日演唱了这首歌。

She invoked several eminent scholars to back up her argument.
她援引了几位赫赫有名的学者来支持她的论点。

The order was created in 1902 as a special distinction for eminent men and women
该勋位设立于1902年，作为一项殊荣授予杰出的男性和女性。

She resolved to do it at the first opportunity.
她决定一有机会就去做。

To do this successfully, their brain prompts them to think and even obsess about others.
为了成功地做到这一点，他们的大脑促使他们去思考甚至迷恋别人。

I think you should try to stop obsessing about food.
我看你该歇歇了，别没完没了地唠叨吃的东西。

An automatic voltage regulator ensured a constant output from the generator.
一个自动电压调节器保证了发电机电流输出的稳定。

And managing source code may happen via bitbucket, GitHub, or a system like subversion.
而管理源代码可以通过Bitbucket、GitHub或者Subversion这样的系统实现。

We put a bucket under the hole in the roof to catch the drips.
我们在屋顶漏洞下放了一个水桶接水滴。

The study also demonstrated a direct link between obesity and mortality
该研究还表明了肥胖症和死亡率之间存在直接的联系。

It has been demonstrated that this drug is effective.
这药已证实是有效的。

Infant mortality is a reliable barometer of socio-economic conditions.
婴儿死亡率是社会经济状况的可靠指标。

Both of them, I may say, are thoroughly reliable men.
可以说，他俩都是绝对可靠的人。

She failed to satisfy all the requirements for entry to the college.
她没有达到进入那所学院的全部要求。

She's never satisfied with what she's got.
她对自己所得到的从不感到满足。

Kamal was a vendor in Egypt's open-air bazaar.
卡迈勒是埃及露天集市里的一个小贩。(例外：分离 app(应用程序) 和 vendor(第三方库) 入口)

We were in the bazaar with all the little urchins watching us.
我们在集市里，周围一大帮衣衫褴褛的小孩盯着我们看。

He allowed these "enucleated" eggs to be fertilized by sperm from sea urchins of the genus echinus.
他让这些“无核”的卵跟海胆属的海胆的精子受精。

Enucleated cells are prepared by removing cell nuclei in the presence of the drug, cytochalasin B.
We are strongly opposed to the presence of America in this region.

我们强烈反对美国在该地区的存在。
The populace at large is/ are opposed to sudden change.

民众普遍反对突然的改变。
I've already written a fair chunk of the article.

我已写出文章的大部分。
Women priests are accused of splitting the church.

女牧师被指责分裂教会。
The priests were robed in black.

各司祭都穿上了黑袍。
They accused the government of a surrender to business interests.

他们指责政府唯工商界的利益是从。
Social tensions were manifested in the recent political crisis.

最近的政治危机显示了社会关系的紧张。
There are likely to be tensions and personality clashes in any social group.

The financial crisis has brought new factors into play.
财政危机已引发了新的变数。

There are other factors over and above those we have discussed.
除了我们所讨论的之外，还有其他因素。

She's not a political animal.
她不是搞政治的那种人。

In the main rooms red-hot radiators were left exposed.
在主室里，炽热的散热器暴露在外。

The group need not micromanage each plug-in you choose to use, for example.
例如，团队不需要对您选择使用的每个插件进行微管理。

There will be a test of both oral and written French.
将有一次法语口试和笔试。

Name this security policy and optionally give it a brief description
命名这个安全策略并且可选择给出一个简短的描述

I have about 20 year's magazines tied up in bundles.
我把大约20年的杂志扎成捆。

到目前为止，机器很难模仿创造力，它的任意程度让计算机无法预测，但也不仅仅是简单的随机性
There seemed to be a high probability of success.

成功的几率似乎很高
She pointed out the salient features of the new design.

她指出新设计的几个显著特征。
She had strung the shells on a silver chain.

她把贝壳串在一条银链子上。
Their new horse is very highly strung.

他们的新马很容易受惊
Cut the lobster shells into small pieces with heavy-duty scissors.

用粗剪将龙虾壳剪成小片。
Construction Method for Controlled Water Test to Preload Large Oil Tank Subgrade

大型油罐地基充水预压工法简介
By the age of 21 he controlled the company.

The railway is still under construction.
这条铁路仍在建设之中。

I thought she was hinting at something, but I let it go.
我想她在暗示什么，然而我也没再多问。

Who left the tap running?
谁没关水龙头？

By convention the deputy leader was always a woman.
按惯例，这一领导职务的副职总是由女性担任。

Police have appealed for witnesses, but it seems the locals are keeping shtum.
警方已呼吁目击者出来作证，但看来当地人都三缄其口。

They are each recognized specialists in their respective fields.
他们在各自的领域都被视为专家。

The show was just awesome.
演出实在棒极了。

Progress regarding the build process is displayed to the developer via STDOUT.
构建过程的进展通过STDOUT展示给开发者。

The children are at different stages of development.
这些孩子处于不同的成长阶段。

The local theatre group is staging a production of 'Hamlet'.
当地剧团在上演《哈姆雷特》。

He's the last person I'd trust with a secret.
我要是有什么秘密，告诉谁也不能告诉他。

A rebel faction has split away from the main group.
一帮反叛者从核心组织中分裂了出去。

Properties of the pug are sensitive to its moisture content.
泥料性质对其水含量非常敏感。

The first line of each paragraph should be indented.
每段的第一行应缩格。

Prepend content to the inside of every matched element.
向每个匹配的元素内部前置内容。

This system imposes additional financial burdens on many people.
这个制度给很多人增加了额外的经济负担。

It's got a number you can ring to query your bill
这上面有一个号码，您可以打电话查询您的账单。

These people have been living for years under the shadow of fear.
这些人多年来一直生活在恐怖的阴影中。

Even in small companies, computers are an essential tool.
即使在小公司里，计算机也是必不可少的工具。

The exterior cold had stolen into the car.
外部的寒冷已不知不觉地侵入车内

In practical terms this law may be difficult to enforce.
从实际的角度来看，这项法律可能难以执行。

The terms of engagement are to be agreed in writing.
聘用条款应有书面协议。

Their engagement was announced in the local paper.
他们订婚的消息已在当地报纸上公布。

"We spent an hour or two in class learning how to generate the codes, and in the end everything gets easier."
“我们在课堂上花了一两个小时学习如何生成代码，最后变得很熟练。”

A color model used by the printing industry that is based on mixing cyan, magenta, and yellow.
印刷行业使用的一种颜色模型，建立在蓝绿色、绛红色和黄色相混合的基础上。

They pay slightly more than the going rate.
他们支付的酬金略高于现行标准。

The animals are captured in nets and sold to local zoos.
那些动物用网捕获后被卖到当地的动物园。

I felt that going to live with my parents would be a step backwards.
我觉得回去和我父母一同生活会更糟。

She gets an obvious thrill out of performing.
她显然从表演中得到一种兴奋感。

You couldn't help being thrilled by the drama of the situation.
你不禁为这充满激情的场面激动不已。

I studied English and Drama at college.
我在大学学的是英语和戏剧。

In this situation time is of the essence.
在这种情况下，时间是至关重要的。

In essence, your situation isn't so different from mine.
从本质上讲，你我的情况并非相差很远。

Designs for the POSIX Real-time System Interface of a Virtual Operating System
虚拟操作系统中的POSIX实时接口的设计

They found a spot on a rocky platform where they could pitch their tents.
他们在一块岩石平台上找到了一个可以搭帐篷的地方。

Each company was given ten minutes to make its pitch.
每个公司有十分钟时间进行推销宣传。

Tents come in various shapes and sizes.
帐篷有各种各样的形状和大小。

Write a paragraph on each of the topics given below.
就下面所列主题各写一个段落。

Come and see us, if you're at a loose end.
你要是闲着无事就来我们这儿坐坐吧。

English majors would be asked to explore the roots of language.
英语专业的学生会被要求探究语言的根源。

There may be some minor changes to the schedule.
时间安排也许会有些小小的变动。

I sewed patches on the knees of my jeans.
我在我的牛仔裤膝部打了个补丁。

These countries can no longer be viewed as a single entity.
这些国家不能再被看成是一个单独的实体。

Reading satisfies my desire to keep learning ．
读书满足了我不断学习的愿望。

Graduate status is the minimum requirement for entry to the teaching profession
研究生学历是从事教学工作的最低要求。

Care must be taken when trimming around woody plants like shrubs and trees
修剪灌木和乔木这样的木本植物时必须小心。

The MOD gave an undertaking to Saville that it had provided him with all relevant material.
国防部向萨维尔保证已向他提供了所有相关的资料。

This ware is suitable for decorative purpose but unsuitable for utility.
这种器皿中看不中用。

My main reason for subscribing to New Scientist is to keep abreast of advances in science.
我订阅《新科学家》主要是为了了解科学的最新进展。

The steep pavement was too narrow for them to walk abreast.
陡坡太窄，他们没法并排走。

He criticized the low quality of newcomers in the industry.
他对该行业中新人的低素质予以了批评。

8 is the lowest common multiple of 8 and 4.
8是8和4的最小公倍数。

What should our marketing strategy have achieved?
我们的销售策略应该取得了哪些成果呢？

The steam was condensed rapidly by injecting cold water into the cylinder.
由于汽缸中注入了冷水，蒸汽迅速凝结了。

The main arguments were compressed into one chapter.
主要的论证被压缩进了一个章节。

Government officials do not want these comments in the open.
政府官员不想公开这些评论。

Click the whitespace in the process editor to select the process properties.
单击流程编辑器中的空白区域以选择流程属性。

She quotes secondary and primary sources without distinction.
她对二手资料和一手资料的引用毫无区别。

Their aim is to reduce people's dependency on the welfare state.
他们旨在减少人们对福利制度的依赖。

He stepped across the threshold.
他迈过门槛。

Catagensis is marked by a loss of hydrogen, and consequently by a decrease of the h/ c ratio.
后生阶段以氢减少必然导致h／d比率降低为特征。

We've been big on stats for a long time
我们一直在大就统计在相当长的时间

She was received in a small, quiet office
她在一个安静的小办公室里受到接待。

This compilation was first issued on vinyl in 1984.
这张精选集在1984年首次以唱片形式发行。

The metal container began to emit a clicking sound.
金属容器开始发出咔嗒咔嗒的声音。

We need a fallback position if they won't do the job.
如果他们不干这个工作，我们就需要一个应变的方案。

In traditional marketing environment, enterprise promotion activities have developed a set of vaild and complete models.
在传统的市场环境下，企业的促销活动已经形成了一套有效的、完整的模式。

The ancient pagoda is still there, but not in its integrity.
那座古塔还在，但是不完整了。

Construction of Image in Babel and Deconstruction of Women's Image
《通天塔》意象的建构和女性形象的解构

You will need to drain the central heating system before you replace the radiator.
你得先把中央供暖系统的水排净再更换散热器。

This country is still trailing badly in scientific research.
这个国家在科研方面仍然大大滞后。

Design and development of command parser for machine tool controller
机床控制器中命令解释程序的设计与实现

The parcel came in this morning's post.
这个包裹是今天上午邮送来的。

Research on the Discrete Model and Recursive Calculation in Risk Theory
风险理论中的离散模型和递推计算

I can have functions with no parameters, that's fine, I will still need the open and close paren there to identify that I have no parameters.
我每次都需要进行输入码？，函数可以没有参数，我依然需要前后括号，来定义我没与参数。

The specialization of mathematic teachers is crucial component of the process.
数学教研组在数学教师专业化成长中发挥着重要作用。

There is a dynamic ball in the computer.
在电脑里有个动态的球。

His possession of classified documents in his home was, at the very least, a violation of Navy security regulations.
他把机密文件藏在家中，至少是违反了海军安全条例。

She dipped a quill in ink, then began to write.
她将羽毛笔在墨水里蘸了一下，随后开始书写。

The doctor offered me a choice of a branded or a generic drug.
医生让我选择用有商标的还是没有商标的药物。

The brown vinyl covering all the horizontal surfaces is coming unstuck in several places.
水平面上覆盖的棕色塑料布有几处地方松脱。

This printer is compatible with most microcomputers.
这台打印机是与大多数微型电子计算机兼容的。

Your local library will be a useful source of information.
你们当地的图书馆就是很好的资料来源。

We agreed the proposal was a good one.
我们一致认为这个建议不错。

Finally, the diagnosis results are achieved through forward chaining method.
最后，根据应用正向推理机得到磨损故障的诊断结果。

That is perfectly equivalent, and equally unambiguous statement.
这是完全相同的，毫不含糊的论述。

The insect's wings are almost transparent.
这昆虫的翅膀几乎是透明的。

Many canals were built along map grid lines.
很多运河是按照地图上的坐标线开凿的。

He said they would attach conditions to the handover of the base
他说他们将对基地的移交附加一些条件。

Will new technology change the shape of broadcasting?
新技术会改变广播的方式吗？

Senior management have given their seal of approval to the plans.
高层管理部门已经正式批准这些计划。

A DataSource class that provides the communication between the database and the application
一个将会为这个数据库和应用软件提供通信的DataSource类

One of the panels had become detached from the main structure.
一块镶板已从主体结构上脱落。

These seats are reserved for special guests.
这些座位是留给贵宾的。

The book transports you to another world.
这本书会把你带到另一个世界。

It was only a partial solution to the problem.
那只是部分地解决了这个问题。

And use efficient ACK mechanism to transmit data.
并采用自适应算法，合理分配信道资源，在高效的重传确认机制下传输数据。

Keep your receipt as proof of purchase.
保存好收据作为购货凭证。

The control must have at least one public constructor.
控件必须至少有一个公共构造函数。

The personal computing revolution and philosophy of disruptive innovation of Silicon Valley grew, in part, out of the creations of the Homebrew Computer Club, Which was founded in a garage in Menlo Park, California, in the mid-1970s.
个人计算机革命以及硅谷的颠覆性创新理念在一定程度上源自自制计算机俱乐部的创立。20世纪70年代中期，这家俱乐部成立于加利福尼亚州门洛帕克的一个车库中。

The beer is brewed in the Czech Republic.
这种啤酒是在捷克共和国酿造的。w

Many prefer a familiar authority figure to a young upstart.
很多人都更愿意跟自己熟悉的权威人物打交道，而不是一个年纪轻轻却自命不凡的家伙。

I have a meeting with my supervisor about my research topic.
我要就我的研究课题同导师见一次面。

Optimization of Equipment Repl a cement and Repair in Conditions of More General Cost
自然费用下设备更换和维修的最优化（注意：REPL 也被称为运行评估打印循环，是一种编程语言环境（主要是控制台窗口），它使用单个表达式作为用户输入，并在执行后将结果返回到控制台。）

Concrete is a mixture of sand and cement.
混凝土是沙和水泥的混合物。

I've never really understood what makes her tick.
我从未真正弄懂她为什么这么做。

I send each inquirer a packet of information.
我给每位查询者发送了一份资料。

Study on Commercial Micro-Location Spatial Competition Based on Retail Sale Market
商业微区位空间竞争模式研究

The business has 34 retail outlets in this state alone.
那家商号仅在本州就有34个零售店。

The cows' rumps were marked with a number.
奶牛的臀部标着一个数字。

Make a Mobius strip out of a ribbon of mild steel and magnetise it.
用一根软钢条做成麦比乌斯带，将其磁化。

Ribbon developments extended along the main road.
一排排建筑沿着大路伸展。

She received a mild reproof from the teacher.
她受到了老师温和的责备。

If you have any issues, please call this number.
如有问题，请拨打这个电话号码。

The island's social hub is the Cafe Sport
该岛的社交中心是“体育咖啡馆”。

The house needs attention but the roof is sound.
房子需要修葺，不过屋顶还完好无损。

The rain water drips from the eaves.
雨水从屋檐滴下。

There were icicles hanging from the eaves.
屋檐下挂着冰凌。

Both these facts strengthen the case against hanging
这两项事实使反对绞刑的理由更加充分。

One should never criticize if one is not sure of one's facts.
一个人如果对自己掌握的事实没有把握，就绝不该随便批评。

You're on dangerous ground if you criticize his family.
你要是批评他的家人可就惹麻烦了。

The lab assistant was wearing a white overall.
实验室助手穿着一件白罩衣。

The eclecticism of the designs means it is difficult to define one overall look.
这些设计中的兼收并蓄意味着难以界定一个总体的风格。

Today's fashion for eclecticism "I love Bach, Abba and Jay Z"-is, Shamus Khan, a Columbia University psychologist, argues, a new way for the middle class to distinguish themselves from what they perceive to be the narrow tastes of those beneath them in the social hierarchy.
哥伦比亚大学的心理学家沙穆斯·汗认为,目前流行的折衷主义（"我爱巴赫、Abba和Jay Z"）是中产阶级将自己与社会等级较低的人的狭隘品味区分开的一种新方式。

Sometimes reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
有时候现实和幻想很难区分。

Here the river is confined in a narrow channel.
这条河在这里流入狭窄的河床。

Birds flock together, fish school together, cattle herd together... just perceiving norms is enough to cause people to adjust their behaviour in the direction of the crowd.
鸟、鱼和牛都会聚成群……仅仅感知规范就足以使人们向大众的方向调整自己的行为。

The resort is tuned in to the tastes of young and old alike.
这个度假胜地适合各种口味，老少皆宜。

The body was hidden beneath a thin layer of soil.
尸体被埋藏在薄薄的一层土下面。

Even in the desert there was a kind of social hierarchy.
即便在沙漠中也存在某种社会等级制度。

The work will not be confined to the Glasgow area.
此项工作不会局限于格拉斯哥地区。

People flocked in their thousands to see her.
现场聚集了数以千计的人争相目睹她的风采。

Our workplace culture, social norms and individual behaviors all play a part.
我们工作场所的文化、社交规范和个人行为都起到了一定的作用。

Stay tuned for the news coming up next.
别转台，下面的新闻马上就来。

As he had a weak case and could not defend himself, he had to resort to sophistry.
他理屈词穷，只好求助于诡辩。

We are all to a great extent the products of our culture.
我们在很大程度上都是本土文化的产物。

The composer was one of many illustrious visitors to the town.
那位作曲家是许多造访过这个城市的杰出人物之一。

Paul, ever the optimist, agreed to try again.
保罗这个永远的乐观主义者答应再试一次。

University was the making of Joe.
大学造就了乔。

His views on the subject were well known.
他对这个问题的看法众所周知。

The car has been criticized for its outdated body styling.
这种轿车因其过时的车身式样而受到批评。

She was standing on one foot.
她单脚站立着。

He would not stand by and let his pet project be killed off
他不会袖手旁观任由他最看好的项目被扼杀。

He grunted something about being late and rushed out.
他嘟哝着说要迟到了便匆匆跑了出去。

She had to face the fact that her life had changed forever.
她得正视她的生活已永远改变了这一事实。

Begin when I give the command.
我发出命令时开始。

The money was donated by a local businessman who wishes to remain anonymous.
这笔款子是当地一位不愿透露姓名的企业家捐赠的。

The prospects for the immediate future are good.
短期内前景乐观。

Long-term prospects for the economy have improved.
长期的经济前景已有所改善。

We made excellent time and arrived in Spain in two days.
我们一路很顺当，两天后就到了西班牙。

Before use, the battery must be charged.
电池使用前必须充电。

The government has promised a full investigation into the disaster.
政府已承诺对这次灾难进行全面调查。

According to a member of the team responsible for FOX 1-A, AMSAT's first CubeSat, this means that there s no way to sneak something like explosives or an energy emitter into an amateur satellite when everyone has access to the designs and implementation.
负责FOX1-A，该组织的第一个立方体卫星的团队成员说，这是因为当每个人都可以访问设计和实施时，个人就没有办法将爆炸物或能量发射器等东西偷偷塞入非专业卫星中。

A list of symbols used on the map is given in the index.
这份地图所使用的符号全部列在索引中。

The Channel Tunnel has enormous symbolic significance for a united Europe.
英吉利海峡隧道对于建立一个统一的欧洲具有重大的象征意义。

In terms of extra staff ─ how many will we need?
就额外的员工来说，我们需要多少人？

You must specify a delimiter that is at least one character long.
必须指定长度至少为一个字符的分隔符。

Traders in Marble Arch are facing huge rent increases.
大理石拱门的经销商们面临租金的大幅上涨。

First, unlike UTF-16, UTF-8 has no endianness issues.
首先，与UTF-16相比，UTF-8没有endianness问题。

The new system interfaces with existing telephone equipment.
新系统与现有的电话设备相连接。

Only the intervention of powerful friends obtained her release.
经过有影响力的朋友们斡旋她才得以释放。

The smoke signals from the central bank suggest further cuts are coming.
来自中央银行的信号表明，马上会有进一步的降息举动。

These should be four undetermined constants in the displacement function.
位移函数中应有四个未定常数。

I threw open the windows to let the smoke out.
我猛力推开窗子，让烟散出去。

They also set a global int variable called errno.
它们还设置名为errno的全局整数变量。

Never overload an electrical socket.
千万不要使电源插座过载。

Because the resources are allocated among several cell range, distributed coding structure also can improve the resource alloc success probability of the users in heavy cell.
由于可以在多个小区范围内分配资源，分布式编码结构也能提高在繁忙小区用户的资源分配成功率。

All the criticism had left her feeling totally deflated.
所有这些批评使她彻底失去了信心

The Technical Study of 2205 Duplex Stainless Steel Solid Solution Treatment
2205双相不锈钢固溶处理工艺研究

It was an event that would transform my life.
那是能够彻底改变我一生的一件事。

He sat bashing away at his essay all day.
他一整天都坐着不停地写文章。

This issue has had a high profile in recent months.
近几个月来，这个议题一直是关注的焦点。

Too much toxic waste is being dumped at sea.
太多的有毒废料在向大海里倾倒。

Dynamic Optimal Assignable Channel Allocation in Smart Antenna System
智能天线系统中的动态最佳可分配信道的分配研究

Each summer a new batch of students tries to find work.
每年夏天都有一批新的学生要找工作。

在如何拟定具体演出计划的问题上出现了分歧。
Disagreement arose about exactly how to plan the show.

Magnetic coils focus the electron beams into fine spots.
磁线圈把电子束聚焦成微小的点。

In integrated optics, these components include light sources, modulators and detectors.
集成光学中，有源器件包括光源、调制器和探测器。

A headless rider haunts the country lanes.
一个无头骑士常出没于乡间的小路上。

We plot about eight points on the graph.
我们在图表上绘制出大约8个点的曲线。

Finally, there's also some supported and new widgets.
最后，还存在某些相应支持和新的组件。

The technique has been to mutate the genes by irradiation or chemicals
该技术是通过放射线照射或者使用化学方法使基因变异。

The report highlights a number of instances of injustice.
这篇报道重点列举了一些不公正的实例。

All things considered, she's done very well.
通盘考虑起来，她干得很好。

The report expressed concern over continuing high unemployment.
报告表达了对失业率居高不下的忧虑。

We hope to slow the spread of the disease.
我们希望能够减缓疾病的传播速度。

Since the glass is in compression, it cannot extend appreciably beyond the ends of the eyelet.
因为玻璃处于压缩状态，玻璃不能明显地延伸到超过座孔的端面。

"An ultimate face recognition algorithm should perform with billions of people in a dataset," the researchers wrote.
“一个终极的人脸识别算法应该可以识别数据集中数以十亿计的人，”研究人员写道。

The Commons has spent over three months on the bill.
下议院在这项议案上已经花了3个多月的时间。

He did not want to enter into a semantic debate.
他不想就语义进行争辩。

Another problem relates to the ease of accessing information.
另一个问题涉及到访问信息的方便性。

Hospital beds were scarce and medicines were practically non-existent.
当时医院病床紧缺，药物根本所剩无几。

A fall in unemployment will help to restore consumer confidence.
失业人数的下降会有助于恢复消费者的信心。

As late as the 1950s, tuberculosis was still a fatal illness.
直到20世纪50年代，结核病仍然是一种致命的疾病。

The techniques of internal management will assuredly change.
毫无疑问，内部的管理技术也会改变。

The library contains many popular works of reference.
这家图书馆藏有许多常用的参考书。

Chamber compatibility and injector durability involve the control of the combustion environment.
室相容性和喷注器耐久性包括对燃烧环境的控制。

Prices range from$ 119 to$ 199, depending on the particular configuration.
价格因具体配置而异，从119美元至199美元不等。

Do these symbols have any particular significance?
这些符号有什么特别的含义吗？

Ensure there is a free flow of air around the machine.
要确保机器周围空气畅通。

On Importance of Building Deposite Insurance System in China
试论加快我国存款保险制度建立的重要性

You should reverse the order of these pages.
你该把这几页的顺序颠倒过来。

The XForms standard supports the usual HTML form submission methods, but, where HTML requires a method and enctype to specify the submission method, XForms requires only a method.
XForms标准支持通常的HTML表单提交方法，但是HTML需要method和enctype来指定提交方法，而XForms只需要一个method。

The metaphysical world outlook sees things as isolated, static and one-sided.
形而上学宇宙观用孤立的、静止的和片面的观点去看世界。

Most skin cancers are completely curable if detected in the early stages.
如果及早发现，大多数皮肤癌都是完全可以治愈的。

Stretching exercises can help you avoid injury and improve your game.
伸展运动有助于防止身体受伤，并能提高比赛技巧。

There was a queue of traffic waiting to turn right.
有一大串车辆等着右转弯。

We need to evaluate how well the policy is working.
我们需要对这一政策产生的效果作出评价。

Check that the computer has executed your commands.
检查一下计算机是否已执行指令。

She is the compiler of the best-seller.
她是这本畅销书的编著者。

It's a vinyl doll with movable arms and legs
这是一个四肢可以活动的乙烯基塑料玩具娃娃。

These hooks are sharp with long shanks.
这些钩身长的鱼钩很锋利。

The legislation is still in draft form.
这条法规还只是项草案。

Interface of Resolver and Its Application in Digital Gun Control System
旋转变压器接口及其在数字炮控伺服系统中的应用

The new Germany must rise to the challenge of its enhanced responsibilities
一个崭新的德国必须迎接挑战，承担更多的责任。

The happy couple and their respective parents took to the floor.
这对幸福的新人和他们各自的父母在舞池中翩翩起舞。

By 492 votes to 391, the federation voted to maintain the status quo
联邦以492票对391票的投票结果决定维持现状。

The two countries have always maintained close relations.
这两个国家一直保持着密切关系。

This formula is used to calculate the area of a circle.
这个公式用于计算圆的面积。

A snail's shell is spiral in form.
蜗牛壳呈螺旋形。

Many folk-tales have come down from a very remote past.
许多民间故事是从遥远的过去流传下来的。

I never know what to expect from one day to the next.
一天又一天我不知道该期待什么。

These documents are not accessible to the public.
公众无法看到这些文件。

The news programme came to us via satellite.
新闻节目是通过卫星传送到我们这里来的。

Your proxy will need to sign the form on your behalf.
你的代理人将须代表你在表格上签字。

I inferred from the article that the pilot was responsible for the accident.
我从这篇文章推断，飞行员应对事故负责。

We would have thought he would have a more responsible attitude
我们本以为他会采取更负责的态度。

He was eager to communicate his ideas to the group.
他急于把他的想法传达给小组。

We are doing our best with the limited resources available.
我们利用可获得的有限资源，尽最大的努力。

Consumption rather than saving has become the central feature of contemporary societies.
现代社会的主要特征是消费而不是储蓄。

Contemporary artists have followed this tradition to create eggs that speak to the anxieties of our age.
当代的艺术家们纷纷追随这一传统，通过彩蛋艺术向我们诉说着这个时代的焦虑。

The Professor said that deep sleep allowed suppressed anxieties to surface.
教授说深度睡眠可以使压抑的焦虑情绪得以释放。

His music is an integration of tradition and new technology.
他的音乐结合了传统和新技术。

Study on Asynchronous Motor Vector Control System Based on Two Methods
两种控制方法在异步电机矢量控制系统上的比较研究

He started the motor.
他启动了发动机。

A vector is defined by a direction as well as a magnitude.
矢量是由方向和量级决定的。

The San Francisco earthquake of 1906 had a magnitude of 8.3.
1906年旧金山地震的震级为8.3级。

Just before the town boundary fork left onto a minor road.
快到城镇边界时要走岔路的左边一条小路。

Clear the soil of weeds and fork in plenty of compost.
清除土中的杂草，然后叉入大量堆肥。

Add plenty of organic matter to improve the soil.
施用大量的有机肥料以改良土壤。

The traffic jam soon cleared once the offending vehicle had been removed.
肇事车辆一经移走，交通拥堵现象很快就消除了。

He apologizes for his comments and says he had no intention of offending the community
他为自己发表的评论道歉并称无意冒犯该社群。

The new test should aid in the early detection of the disease.
新的化验应该有助于早早检查出这种疾病。

There was a clear intention to dilute black voting power
明显有意图要削弱黑人的选举力量。

They made a request for further aid.
他们要求再给一些帮助。

The paint can be diluted with water to make a lighter shade.
这颜料可用水稀释以使色度淡一些。

I tried hard but her work put mine in the shade.
我费了很大力气，但她的成果让我相形见绌。

He offered his lighter at full stretch.
他伸长胳膊把打火机递了过去。

Small bones should be avoided as the dog may swallow them whole and risk internal injury.
不要给狗喂小块的骨头，以免它整个吞下去而造成内部器官损伤。

He is, assuredly, not alone in believing they will win
毫无疑问，不止他一个人认为他们会赢。

It exposes the fallacy of short-term industrial gain at long-term environmental expense.
这暴露了以长久的环境破坏为代价换取短期工业利益的错误。

I thought it was understood that my expenses would be paid.
我原以为对方已同意支付我的费用。

Industrial progress should go hand in hand with the development of agriculture.
工业的发展同农业的发展密切相关。

The programme affords young people the chance to gain work experience.
这项计划给年轻人提供了获得工作经验的机会。

He detected the fallacy of her argument.
他发觉她论据中的推理谬误。

Nowhere is the effect of government policy more apparent than in agriculture.
政府的政策对农业的影响最为显著。

It affords a livelihood to a great number of people.
这给许多人提供了生计。

It soon became apparent that no one was going to come.
很快就很清楚，没人会来。

As a result of this conflict he lost both his home and his means of livelihood.
这场冲突使他同时失去了住所和生计来源。

We expect to see further improvement over the coming year.
我们期望来年会有更进一步的改善。

Gates responds with a lengthy discourse on deployment strategy.
盖茨以一篇有关部署策略的鸿篇大论予以回应。

These two methods remove a lot of boilerplate code in most Web applications.
这两个方法减少了很多Web应用程序中的样板代码。

Just give it your best shot and you'll be fine.
只要尽自己最大努力，你就会有好的结果。

Try this cream ─ it's great for spots.
试试这种乳霜吧——对皮肤斑点挺有效。

The cottage had a delightful sea view.
这小屋可以看到宜人的海景。

He was a huge man, built like an oak tree.
他是个大块头，结实得像棵橡树。

A delightful guide was my guardian angel for the first week of the tour.
令人愉快的导游是我第一周旅行的守护神。

They have different design environments but common runtime engine.
它们的设计环境不同，但有着共同的运行时引擎。

Those rooms have been assigned to us.
那些房间已经分配给我们。

Digital television has been around for some time now.
数字电视已经面市一段时间了。

She will continue in her present job until a replacement can be found.
在找到替换人员以前，她将继续做她目前的工作。

The children like to have bubbles in their bath.
孩子们喜欢浴盆里有肥皂泡。

Use the event handler method name as the value.
将事件处理程序方法名作为值。

All the materials are on site so that work can start immediately.
所有材料都已运抵工地，可以立即开工。

The site gives neophytes the chance to learn from experts.
这个网站给新手提供了向专家学习的机会。

We need to draw a distinction between the two events.
我们得把两起事件区别开来。

Birth and death are the two noblest expressions of bravery.
降生和死亡是歌颂勇敢的两个最高贵的表达式。

The reports commend her bravery
这些报道赞扬了她的勇敢。

His designs were highly commended by the judges.
他的设计受到了评委的高度赞扬。

It must be conceded that different judges have different approaches to these cases.
必须承认不同的法官会采用不同的方法来判定这些案件。

All three teams adopted different approaches to the problem.
三个队处理这个问题的方法各不相同。

She gulped back her tears and forced a smile.
她忍住泪水，强作笑容。

He polished off a large steak, salad, broccoli swimming in thick sauce, and half a litre of wine.
他狼吞虎咽地吃下了一大块牛排、很多色拉和浸着浓稠酱汁的花耶菜，还喝了半升红酒。

The hotel has polished up its act since last year.
这家酒店自去年以来已经改善了服务水平。

How would you like your steak done?
您要求您的牛排做到几成熟？

A green salad has only green vegetables, such as lettuce and cucumber.
所谓绿色沙拉指的是只有绿色的蔬菜，如莴苣和黄瓜等凉拌生菜。

Thick tuna steaks are eaten rare, like beef
像牛肉一样，厚的金枪鱼排做到半熟即可食用。

Stir in the milk until the sauce thickens.
把牛奶搅进去，直到酱汁变稠为止。

New Japanese cars averaged 13 km to the litre in 1981
1981年，新型的日产汽车平均每升汽油能跑13千米。

It seems like an act of monumental folly.
这似乎是一种非常愚蠢的行为。

Buy a lettuce and some tomatoes.
买一个生菜和一些番茄。

Slice the cucumber thinly.
把黄瓜切成薄薄的片。

Flake the tuna and add to the sauce.
把金枪鱼切成片，加上调味汁。

It must be stressed that this disease is very rare.
必须着重指出，这种病非常罕见。

Return the pan to the heat and stir.
把锅放回灶上再搅拌。

Skin thickens, dries and coarsens after sun exposure.
晒后皮肤会变厚、变干、变粗糙。

It would be the height of folly to change course now.
现在改变方向可谓愚蠢至极。

Fill a pan half full of water.
给平底锅装半锅水。

There is a direct correlation between exposure to sun and skin cancer.
皮肤暴露在太阳下与皮肤癌直接相关。

There were only three of us on the advanced course.
只有我们三人学高级课程。

Give the bottle a good shake before opening.
打开瓶子前，先使劲摇一摇。

How long have you been living in this country?
你在这个国家居住多久啦？

One of the most important reactions involving chloroanilines is binding of soil components.
与氯苯胺有关的最重要的反应之一是土壤成分的结合。

Dairy products may provoke allergic reactions in some people.
乳制品可能会引起某些人的过敏反应。

Why would the closure of hospitals be in the public interest?
关闭医院怎么会对民众有利呢？

He has written only a skeletal plot for the book so far.
那本书他目前只写了一个情节梗概。

How many driving lessons have you had so far?
你到目前为止上过多少节驾驶课了？

My initial reaction was to decline the offer.
我最初的反应是要婉言谢绝这个提议。

Support for the party continues to decline.
对该党的支持继续下降。

The lease expires/ runs out next year.
这份租约明年到期。

Design of the Automatic Test System Used in Scalable Array Module
可扩充阵列模块自动测试系统的设计

It has been confirmed that the meeting will take place next week.
已经确定会议将于下个星期召开。

A total solar eclipse is due to take place some time tomorrow.
明天某个时刻会发生日全食。

By cross-breeding with our native red deer, the sika deer have affected the gene pool
通过与我们本地的赤鹿杂交，梅花鹿的基因库已经发生了改变。

The film will be spliced with footage of Cypress Hill to be filmed in America.
这部电影要和将在美国拍摄的柏树山乐队的音乐片段粘接在一起。

You can always use opaque glass if you need to block a street view.
如果不想从室内看到街景，可以使用不透明玻璃。

The interviews present a remarkable snapshot of Britain in these dark days of recession.
这些访谈生动地展现了英国在黑暗的萧条时期的概貌。

A new fast dynamic combined modular exponentiation multiplication is presented.
提出了一种新的动态组合RSA算法。

They have successfully combined the old with the new in this room.
他们在这个房间里成功地把古老和现代的风格融为一体。

You deserve a rest after all that hard work.
辛苦劳累那么久，你该休息一下了。

He works for a company that publishes reference books.
他在一家工具书出版公司工作。

For some inexplicable reason he gave up a fantastic job.
由于某种莫名其妙的原因，他放弃了一份很不错的工作。

The blue fabric was interwoven with red and gold thread.
蓝布中交织着红色和金色的线。

A culture of failure exists in some schools.
在某些学校中存在着失败文化。

I have established a good working relationship with my boss.
我与老板已经建立起良好的工作关系。

He noted the latitude and longitude, then made a mark on the admiralty chart.
他记下纬度和经度，然后在航海图上做了个标记。

He placed a marker where the ball had landed.
他在球落地的地方放了个标记。

The party must adopt more inclusive strategies and a broader vision.
这个党必须采取更广泛的策略和更远大的视野。

The contract can be terminated by either party with three months' notice.
合同的任何一方如提前三个月通知，均可终止本合同。

The region produces over 50% of the country's wheat.
这个地区出产全国50%以上的小麦。

Here one can taste pepper, cornel, berry, currants home-distilled vodka, various pickles, lavish and diverse food, and fresh quail eggs.
在这里人们可以品尝辣椒、山茱萸、浆果、葡萄干制作的伏特加，以及各种泡菜、奢华和多样的食物，此外还有新鲜的鹌鹑蛋。

Many of them are descendants of the original settlers.
他们中许多人都是早期移民的后裔。

A date for the meeting has yet to be determined.
会议日期尚待确定。

The plant's stem is marked with thin green longitudinal stripes.
这种植物的茎上长有绿色细长条纹。

Air whether in the gaseous or liquid state is a fluid.
空气，无论是气态的还是液态的，都是一种流体。

So, caret US means start with US.
因此，插入美国开始与美国的手段

Can you give a more precise definition of the word?
你能给这个词下个更确切的定义吗？

His eyes scoped the room, trying to spot her in the crowd.
他环顾房间四周，想在人群中找到她。

He made several spelling mistakes in the composition.
他在作文中犯了多处拼写错误。

You change the parameters of the fire stargazers to the limit.
改变你的赛车的参数，使其达到极限。

Server-side architecture design of a remote education Web application
远程教学网络应用服务器端的体系结构设计

To address skyrocketing employee stress levels, many companies have implemented workplace wellness programs, partnering with health care providers that have created programs to promote employee health and well-being.
为解决员工压力暴增的问题，许多公司已经实施了工作场所健康计划，他们与医疗保健供应商合作，由其提供促进员工健康和福利的项目。

Some drugs are being used on a much larger scale than previously.
与以前相比，某些药物的使用范围更广了。

I recommend using the uncompressed version for development and the minified version for production.
我建议对开发使用未压缩版本，在生产中使用缩小版。

The default test perspective comes with a preconfigured set of views.
默认的测试透视图设定了一组预先配置好的视图。

A type will gain a type initializer in two scenarios.
类型在两种情况下会获取类型初始值设定项。

Design of Optimization Software Platform About Appending Stuff and Batch Fermentation Process
补料分批发酵过程优化软件平台的设计

Alongside the Job Creation Programme they launched a Work Experience Programme.
在开展创造就业项目的同时，他们还启动了工作经历项目。

The verbs were subdivided into transitive and intransitive categories.
动词可细分为及物动词和不及物动词。

There are thousands of verbs in English and most are regular.
英语有数千个动词，大多数是规则动词。

The situation was more complicated than they had at first realized.
形势比他们最初意识到的更为复杂。

The school believes in interactive teaching methods.
这所学校相信互动教学法。

The ability to develop alternatives is often as important as selecting correctly from among them.
通常，构想各种可行性方案的能力，同正确地从它们当中进行选择具有同等的重要性。

What criteria are used for assessing a student's ability?
用什么标准来评定一个学生的能力？

The government does not want to go to war unless all other alternatives have failed.
除非所有其他方法都行不通，否则政府不希望开战。

The information is processed in a random order.
信息是按随机顺序处理的。

Conditions should be laid down. Otherwise it's all talk.
应该先定下条件，否则全是空谈。

Based on the Crime Profiling Research of Computer Forensics Analysis Method
基于犯罪画像的计算机取证分析方法研究

Instead, she set her jaw grimly and waited in silence
相反，她一脸严肃，面部紧绷，一声不吭地等着。

First, you need to evaluate yourself, your values your strengths, your weaknesses, your achievements, your desires, etc ．
首先，你需要评估你自己的价值观、优缺点、成就、愿望等等。

All the more technically advanced countries put a high value on science
所有技术上较先进的国家都高度重视科学。

He had three pretty, vivacious daughters.
他有三个活泼漂亮的女儿。

The Design and Implementation of Data Management System for Visualization System Front-end
可视化系统前端数据管理系统设计与实现

Our cars are the equal of those produced anywhere in the world.
我们的汽车可与世界上任何地方生产的汽车媲美。

There is, in addition, one further point to make.
此外，还有一点要说。

Thus, he aided reaction and thwarted progress.
因此，他帮助反动派阻挠进步。

Aided by heat and strong winds, the fire quickly spread.
借助高温和大风，火势迅速蔓延。

She was thwarted in her attempt to take control of the party.
她控制这个政党的企图受阻了。

People's reaction to the film has varied greatly.
人们对这部影片的反应大不一样。

The meeting on 31 October is rearranged for 30 January.
10月31日的会议重新安排到了1月30日。

We don't do much in the evenings except watch television.
我们在晚上除了看电视不怎么干别的事。

I think you'll have to tweak these figures a little before you show them to the boss.
我想你得略微改动一下这些数字再让老板过目。

The Hayward exhibition has been curated by the artist Bernard Luthi.
海沃德艺术展是由艺术家伯纳德·吕蒂组织的。

He felt obligated to help.
他觉得有义务帮忙。

You can customize the software in several ways.
你可用几种方法按需要编制这个软件。

It provides a superset of Java features, but in a slightly different syntax.
它提供了一个Java特性超集，但是却使用了稍有不同的语法。

In addition to these arrangements, extra ambulances will be on duty until midnight.
除了这些安排以外，另增救护车值班至午夜。

The course is modular in structure.
该课程在结构上以单元划分。

They presented an unanswerable case for more investment.
他们提出了一个无可争辩的理由，要求增加投资。

They would ask their mother unanswerable questions.
他们会问母亲一些无法回答的问题。

A blade guard is fitted to protect the operator.
为保证操作人员的人身安全安装了桨叶保护罩。

In this case, the exponentiation operator is another form of binary operator so the existing BinaryOp case class serves.
在本例中，求幂运算符是另一种形式的二进制运算符，所以使用现有BinaryOp case类就可以。

The equipment is still at the experimental stage.
这种设备仍处于试验阶段。

Caution! This truck is reversing.
小心！卡车在倒车。

The effects of global warming, while not immediate, are potentially catastrophic.
全球气温上升的后果虽然并非即时发生，但可能潜伏着大灾难。

They intend to close the school at the earliest opportunity.
他们打算尽早关闭学校。

Put a cross in the appropriate box.
在适当的长方格里打叉号。

From there, it's up to you to sound the alarm manually.
届时，你就可以自行决定是否要手动拉响警报。

Up to seventy per cent of French Canadians favour Quebec independence.
高达70%的法裔加拿大人希望魁北克独立。

An alarm sounds when the temperature reaches a predetermined level.
温度一达到预设的度数，警报就会响起来。

The capsules can be made to release the pesticides at a predetermined time.
可以使这些胶囊在预定的时间释放杀虫剂。

Many pesticides are highly toxic.
许多杀虫剂毒性很大。

They might eat something toxic and damage their health.
它们可能会吃到一些有毒的东西，损害到健康。

The hills rise green and sheer above the broad river.
这些小山碧绿陡峭，矗立在这条宽阔的河流之上。

The sheer physical effort had exacted a heavy price
纯粹的体力劳动已经产生了极其不利的影响。

I've no use for people who don't make an effort.
我厌恶那些不努力的人。

They could not achieve their target of less than 3% inflation.
他们未能达到通货膨胀低于3%的目标。

We have made great progress in controlling inflation.
我们在抑制通货膨胀方面取得了巨大进展。

They believed that controlling the money supply would reduce inflation.
他们相信控制货币供应量会减少通货膨胀。

In my experience, very few people really understand the problem.
据我的经验看，真正理解这个问题的人很少。

The government aims to improve public services, especially education.
政府致力于改善公共服务事业，尤其是教育。

The energy is released by combustion on the application of a match
火柴点燃后在燃烧过程中释放能量。

Also, data from the integration process must be outputted in time.
同样，从积分过程中求得的数据也必须及时被输出。

Sulphur gases were emitted by the volcano.
硫磺气体由火山喷发出来。

He agreed to pay at specified rates per diem.
他同意每天按规定的数额付款。

Our classroom is just above.
我们的教室就在上面。

Just out of interest, how much did it cost?
我只是好奇问问，这个花了你多少钱？

Her sympathy grew out of understanding.
她的同情是由于理解产生的。

Don't waste your sympathy on scum like that.
对这样的渣滓你没必要同情。

Due to the fact that they did not read English, the prisoners were unaware of what they were signing.
这些囚犯由于看不懂英语，不知道自己在签什么。

Over twenty prisoners were crushed into a small dark cell.
二十多名囚犯被塞在一间黑暗狭小的牢房里。

There may be unrecognised cases of manifest injustice of which we are unaware.
也许还有一些我们不知道的明显不公平现象被忽视了。

The inadequacies of the current system have already been recognised
人们已经认识到现行体制的不足。

He had to face up to his own inadequacies as a father.
他不得不正视自身作为父亲的不足。

Nothing would prevent him/ his speaking out against injustice.
什么也阻挡不了他为不平之事鸣冤叫屈。

Recently it was shown that they could be trained to be as accurate as humans at detecting breast cancer in images.
最近有观点指出，它们可以被训练地和人类一样能精确地通过图像检测乳腺癌。

Accurate measurement is very important in science.
在科学领域，精确的测量非常重要。

I hadn't trained enough for the game.
对比赛我训练得不够。

Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer among women in this country.
乳腺癌是这个国家妇女中最常见的一种癌症。

We can find the size of something by means of measurement.
我们可以用测量法求得某物的体积

In doing our work, we must pay attention to ways and means.
做工作应注意方式方法。

There's no simple solution to this problem.
这个问题没有简单的解决办法。

The contraction of muscles uses energy and releases heat
肌肉的收缩消耗能量并且释放热量。

The sudden contraction of the markets left them with a lot of unwanted stock.
股票市场骤然收缩，让他们剩下了许多无人要的股票。

Prices continued to fall on the stock market today.
今天股票市场价格继续下跌。

An appeal fund was launched at the instigation of the President.
总统授意发起了一项救援基金。

The case was referred to the Court of Appeal.
这个案子被送交到上诉法院。

The case was referred to a higher court.
案件转到了上一级法院。

Belief in the utility of higher education is shared by students nationwide
全国的学生都相信高等教育是有用的。

There is a general belief that things will soon get better.
大家普遍认为情况很快就会好转。

Installation of the new system will take several days.
新系统的安装需要几天时间。

We must take positive steps to deal with the problem.
我们必须采取积极步骤处理这个问题。

The new cars will incorporate a number of major improvements.
新款汽车会有若干重大改进。

When we acquire new information, the brain automatically tries to incorporate it within existing information by forming associations.
当我们获取新的信息时，大脑会自动通过关联将新旧知识合并。

It is not within my power to help you.
我是爱莫能助啊。

Wires criss-cross between the tops of the poles, forming a grid
电线杆顶端的电线相互交错，形成电线网。

Do you belong to any professional or trade associations?
你参加了专业学会或行业协会没有？

Lions belong to the cat family.
狮属于猫科。

The city is criss-crossed with canals.
这座城市里运河纵横交错。

For six months of the year, there is hardly any light at the poles.
在南北极，每年有6个月时间几乎没有光照。

He hardly needed to break sweat to reach the final.
他几乎不费劲儿就取得了决赛权。

She was hot and sweat dripped into her eyes.
她很热，汗水滴入双眼。

The arrival of canals was of great value to many industries.
运河的出现对许多行业具有重大的意义。

This concept has been applied successively to painting, architecture and sculpture.
这一概念相继应用于绘画、建筑和雕塑中。

The school team won five games successively.
校队先后胜了5场球。

He studied classical architecture and design in Rome.
他在罗马学习了古典建筑学和设计。

All the parts of the sculpture have to be welded together.
这件雕塑所有的部件都必须焊接在一起。

The scale of migration took a quantum leap in the early 1970s.
20世纪70年代初，移民的规模骤然扩大。

Both quantum mechanics and chaos theory suggest a world constantly in flux.
量子力学和混沌理论都表明世界永远处于不断变化中。

She threw back the covers and leapt out of bed.
她掀开被子跳下床来。

He has not studied mechanics or engineering.
他没有学习过力学和工程学。

Fighting had broken out and all was chaos and confusion.
战斗爆发了，一切都陷入了混乱不堪的状态。

The climate of political confusion has only reinforced the country's economic decline.
政局混乱只加速了国家经济的衰退

It is difficult to find work in the present economic climate.
在目前这种经济大气候下很难找到工作。

The present crisis is worse than any that have gone before.
目前的危机比以往任何一次危机都严重。

I don't understand the instructions.
我不懂这些指令的意思。

Earthquakes are caused by two tectonic plates bumping into each other.
地震是由两块地壳构造板块互相碰撞造成的。

They're consulting a lawyer? I don't like the sound of that.
他们正向一位律师咨询？这消息不大好哇。

First we need to identify actual and potential problems.
首先，我们需要弄清实际的问题和潜在的问题。

When he has tried to identify all the items, you can change places, and he can test you
等他试过识别所有的物品后，你们可以互换角色，让他来测试你。

That sort of approach should go a long way toward breaking the ice
那种方法对打破僵局会大有帮助。

The work was carried out at minimal cost.
这项工作是以最少的开销完成的。

Clinical application of colonoscopy anaesthesia painlessly on patients with cardiovascular disease
无痛性结肠镜检查在心血管患者中的临床应用

Objective To study the role of background music in colonoscopy.
目的研究背景音乐在结肠镜检查中所起的作用。

Smoking places you at serious risk of cardiovascular and respiratory disease.
吸烟会大大增加罹患心血管和呼吸道疾病的风险。

These gases would seriously damage the patient's respiratory system.
这些毒气会严重损害患者的呼吸系统。

Plainly, a more objective method of description must be adopted
显而易见，必须采用更为客观的描述方法。

The move is consistent with a trend for corporate legal staffs to do more work in-house, instead of farming it out to law firms
这一举措符合让公司的法律专员在单位内部做更多的工作，而不是将工作分包给律师事务所的趋势。

The fact remains that we are still two teachers short.
实际情况是我们还缺少两名教师。

These actions are consistent with his principles.
这些行为与他的原则是一致的。

I think we should go back to first principles.
我认为我们应该回到基本原则上。

The book provides valuable information on recent trends.
此书就近来的发展趋势提供了宝贵的信息。

A lot of companies do in-house training.
很多公司会进行内部培训。

He put a plus instead of a minus.
他填了个加号而不是减号。

Summer appeared as the obvious time for a break ： it offered a rest for teachers, fit in the farming calendar and reduced doctors' concern that packing students into hot classrooms would promote the spread of disease ．
夏天似乎显然是休息时间：它让教师可以休息,符合农事日历,也减轻了医生对把学生塞进炎热的教室会促进疾病传播的担忧。

The new legislation concerns health and safety at work.
这项新法规涉及工作场所的健康与安全。

The price includes postage and packing.
本价格包括邮资和包装费。

This particular model comes with a wide range of options.
这一种型号的货品有很多选择。

We need to increase productivity.
我们需要提高生产力。

Maximize the window to full screen.
将窗口最大化。

He had to lower his head to get through the door.
他得低头才能过这道门。

He transforms the most ordinary subject into the sublime.
经他一点化，极普通的题材也能变得令人叫绝。

It was just an ordinary house ─ nothing pretentious.
那只是一座普通的房子，没有故作特别。

He's so pretentious!
瞧他那副自命不凡的样儿！

A wedding is the perfect subject for video.
婚礼是极好的录像主题。

He patented the idea that the atom could be split
他获得了“原子可以再分”这一概念的专利权。

The basic design changed little from that patented by Edison more than 100 years ago
其本质设计和100多年前爱迪生的专利设计相差无几。

Any business venture contains an element of risk.
任何商业投资都包含一定的风险因素。

Successful venture capital investment is a lot harder than it sometimes looks.
成功的风险投资有时要比它表面看起来困难得多。

A report on the new technology of pulping with cotton linter
棉短绒制浆新工艺试验报告

Carl sits at a computer terminal 40 hours a week.
卡尔每周在电脑终端前坐40个小时。

I think I'd prefer something a little less energetic.
我想我更喜欢不太剧烈的活动。

He seemed a dynamic and energetic leader
他似乎是一个富有干劲、精力充沛的领导。

People tend to think that the problem will never affect them.
人们往往认为这个问题绝不会影响到他们。

She would never intentionally hurt anyone.
她从来不会故意伤害任何人。

So what other variables could be used if the racial concept is thrown out?
如果摈弃了种族的概念，那么能使用其他什么变量呢?

The school imposes a very regimented lifestyle on its students.
学校将非常死板的生活方式强加给学生。

For the study, 325 employees spent six months taking part in ROWE, while a control group of 334 employees continued with their normal workflow.
在这项研究中，325名员工花了6个月参加ROWE计划，而实验对照组中有34名员工继续正常的工作流程。

Please write your name, age and occupation below.
请在下面写明姓名、年龄和职业。

Your article is full of some of the most opinionated rubbish I have ever read.
你的文章充斥着我所读过的一些最为偏执的胡说八道。

I've yet to see all the players in action.
我还得看所有参赛者的实地比赛。

You could, alternatively, hang onto it in the hope that it will be worth millions in 10 years time
或者，你也可以留着它，指望10年以后它能值个几百万。

Participate in discussion forums, blogs and other open-ended forums for dialogue ．
参加论坛、博客和其他开放式对话论坛。

This question has recently caused heated controversy in public forums.
这是最近论坛上引起剧烈争论的问题。

Latest reports say that mud slides buried entire villages
最新报道说泥石流掩埋了整个整个的村庄。

The rain left a deposit of mud on the windows.
雨水在窗上留下一层泥。

These programs can be integrated with your existing software.
这些程序能和你的已有的软件整合成一体。

The management plan has four main components
管理计划有4个主要部分。

This patient needs to be in isolation for a week.
这个病人要隔离1周。

They know me ─ I'm a regular customer.
我是老主顾，他们都认识我。

The year started with a completely new system with new backend.
以全新的系统和终端开始的一年。

Try browsing around in the network bulletin boards.
试着在网络论坛上浏览信息。

The Internet is the largest computer bulletin board in the world.
因特网是世界上最大的计算机公告系统。

He started with nothing but raw talent and determination.
他起家时只有天生的才能和决心。

I read a snippet she had cut from a magazine.
我读了她从杂志上剪下来的一段文字。

Her features had been bloated by years of drinking.
她酗酒多年，已变得面部浮肿。

There is a lack of knowledge about the tax system.
大家对税制缺乏了解。

I'm sorry I left you off the list ─ it wasn't intentional.
很抱歉没把你列在名单里——我不是有意的。

Create three self-signed certificates, one for each queue manager.
创建三个自签名证书，每个队列管理器各一个。

The whole experience was definitely more positive than negative.
整个经历当然是利多于弊。

Scientists have a fairly negative attitude to the theory.
科学家对这个理论的态度是相当消极的。

The theory seems to have no basis in fact.
这一理论似乎没有事实根据。

She hit upon the perfect title for her new novel.
她灵机一动为自己的新小说找到了一个理想的书名。

They want to unload their shares at the right price.
他们想在价格合适的时候卖掉股票。

A crane was already unloading crates and pallets.
起重机已经开始卸载木箱和托盘了。

The price is obviously one of the main selling points.
显然，价格低是一大卖点。

This could mean the closure of thousands of small businesses which serve the community
这可能意味着成千上万家服务社会的小企业将要倒闭。

We need to take a different approach to the problem.
我们应该采用另一种方法来解决这一问题。

I always carry a portable computer with me.
我总是随身携带一台手提电脑。

No fish bites on the fly today.
现在用苍蝇钓不到鱼了。

A large stone came flying in through the window.
一块大石头飞进了窗户。

Teenagers often have difficulty expressing themselves.
十来岁的孩子在表达思想方面常常有困难。

Study of the Design Method of the Design Method of Parallel Concatenated Code
并行级连码设计方法的研究

I find it difficult to be objective where he's concerned.
只要涉及他，我就难以做到保持客观。

Semasiology is a variant name for semantics.
Semasiology是Semantics的异名。

This game is a variant of baseball.
这种运动是由棒球演变而来的。

The law mandates that imported goods be identified as such.
法律规定进口货物必须如实标明。

Four possible outcomes have been identified.
现已确定有四种可能的结果。

People migrate to cities like Jakarta in search of work
人们为找工作而迁移到雅加达这类城市里。

A variety of heavy industries grew up alongside the port.
各种重工业沿着港口逐渐发展起来。

There's no point in worrying over things you can't change.
对改变不了的事情担心也没用。

It follows a specific individual, such as a doctor or nurse, who can use it to record and access patient data.
它跟随特定的个人，例如，可以用它来记录和访问患者数据的医生或护士。

All our courses are personalized to the needs of the individual.
我们的全部课程都是针对个人需要设计的。

Any social group is prone to tension and personality conflict.
任何社会团体都容易出现关系紧张和性格冲突。

Major elements of these debates are discussed more fully later in this book.
这些争论的主要内容将在本书后面的章节中更为充分地加以讨论。

At his grammar school he is remembered for being bad at games but good in debates.
在文法学校里，他因拙于体育但擅长辩论而让人印象深刻。

She gets turned on by men in uniform.
她看到穿制服的男人就欲火攻心。

There's a way across the fields.
有一条路穿过田地。

His proposal that the system should be changed was rejected.
他提的关于修改制度的建议被拒绝了。

In an ideal world we would be recycling and reusing everything.
我们要是能回收并再利用所有的东西就再理想不过了。

The forest's dense growth provides nesting places for a wide variety of birds.
森林里茂密的植物为各种各样的鸟儿提供了筑巢的地方。

We fought our way through the dense vegetation.
我们在茂密的植被中开出一条通路。

Proteins are biological macromolecules that are an essential component of organisms and participate in every process within cells.
蛋白质是一种生物高分子，它是有机体的基本成分，并且参与了细胞中的每一个流程。

These proteins stimulate the production of blood cells.
这些蛋白质会刺激血细胞的产生。

Everyone at the conference had to wear a name tag.
所有与会者必须佩戴身份牌。

The team is built around a core group of players.
这个队是以几名骨干队员为核心构建的。

And some banks have begun to render such new services as issuing guarantees and witness in favor of the foreign investments.
一些银行已开设提供经济担保或证明等新业务，以利于引进外资。

She inherited a share of the family fortune.
她继承了家庭的一份财产。

Children like to share interests and enjoyments with their parents.
孩子们喜欢同父母一起分享各种兴趣和乐事。

By a stroke of fortune he found work almost immediately.
他运气好，几乎立刻找到了工作。

At the first stroke it will be 9 o'clock exactly.
等到钟敲第一下时就是9点整。

Then he'll know exactly what's required of him.
到那时他就会确切地知道对他的要求是什么了。

Students are required to be in school by 8.30.
学生须在8:30以前到校。

This particular variety flowers in July.
这个品种七月开花。

Study on Indicator Preprocessor in Miss Distance Vector Measuring System
弹目偏差向量测试系统及指示器预处理器研究

The number of wells is a fair indicator of the demand for water.
水井的数量能较准确地反映水需求量的大小。

This sport demands both speed and strength.
这项运动既需要速度也需要体力。

Distance is no problem on the Internet.
在互联网上距离已不成为问题。

She was concerned that she might miss the turning and get lost.
她担心自己会错过转弯的地方而迷路。

Psychometric testing is simply a way of measuring people's individual talents and capabilities.
心理测试只是一种测量个体才智和能力的方式。

Troll's exclusive, personalized luggage is made to our own exacting specifications in heavy-duty PVC/ nylon
特罗尔专用的、个性化的行李箱是按照我们自己严格的规格要求用耐用聚氯乙烯/尼龙材料定制的。

The two views are not mutually exclusive.
这两种观点并不互相排斥。

Can we find a mutually convenient time to meet?
我们可以找个双方都适当的时间会面吗？

There's room for one more piece of luggage.
还有地方再放一件行李。

I think you need some heavy-duty advice.
我想你需要一些有分量的意见。

This material is 45% nylon.
这种材料含45%的尼龙。

The surfaces are made from a material that doesn't mark.
这些台面是由不会留下污渍的材料做的。

Mark has two children to support from his first marriage.
马克得扶养他第一次婚姻生的两个孩子。

For most women, marriage used to bring a higher status than spinsterhood.
从前，就多数妇女而言，结婚的比独身的更有地位。

Time is your most valuable resource, especially in examinations.
时间是你最有价值的帮手，尤其是在考试中。

The album was compiled from live recordings from last year's tour.
这套唱片选辑由去年巡回演出的实况录音汇编而成。

The new album went straight to number one.
这张新的歌曲专辑一举登上了周销售量榜首。

They may be straight or curved, but not in sharply kinked configurations.
它们可以是直的或弯的，但不呈现纠缠在一起的外形。

Her spine curved
她的脊柱弯曲了。

Messages travel along the spine from the nerve endings to the brain.
信息从神经末梢沿脊柱传送到大脑。

Our travel plans are still up in the air.
我们的旅行计划尚未决定。

'Is there a problem?' he asked sharply.
“有问题吗？”他厉声喝问。

The kinked line in chart 1 represents this pattern.
图表1中的曲线表现了这一模式。

I took a pill to help settle my nerves.
我吃了一片药，好放松一下神经。

Assuming he's still alive, how old would he be now?
假定他还活着，现在有多大年纪了？

There is no straightforward equivalence between economic progress and social well-being.
经济进步与社会福利之间绝非简单等同。

The straightforward answer ： our policies and our politics!
直截了当的答案是：我们的政策和政治！

I don't want to get involved in office politics.
我不想卷入办公室的政治。

We favour the well-being and progress, not the annihilation, of mankind.
我们祈求的是人类的幸福和进步，而不是人类的覆灭。

We'll make our decision and contact the people involved.
我们将作出决定，再与有关人员联系。

Contact with other people is a basic human need.
和他人接触是人的基本需要。

total destruction ” of mankind;“ annihilation of mankind ”;
“人类毁灭”

Future generations will be left with a legacy of pollution and destruction.
留给子孙后代的将是环境的污染与破坏。

We must address ourselves to the problem of traffic pollution.
我们必须设法解决交通污染问题。

They each received a legacy of$ 5 000.
他们每人得到了5000元的遗产。

To telephone from the US use the prefix 011 33 before the numbers given here
如果从美国打电话，就要在所给号码前加拨01133。

An error code will be displayed if any invalid information has been entered.
输入了无效信息将显示错误代码。

The temperature remained constant while pressure was a variable in the experiment.
做这实验时温度保持不变，但压力可变。

It's all relative though, isn't it? We never had any money when I was a kid and$ 500 was a fortune to us.
不过，一切都是相对的，是不是？我小的时候，我们根本没有钱，500块钱对于我们来说就是很大的一笔财富了。

They specified a spacious entrance hall
他们专门指定要一个宽敞的大门厅。

The spacious kitchen was achieved by knocking together three small rooms.
这个宽敞的厨房是由3个小屋子打通连成的。

She never achieved her ambition of becoming a famous writer.
她一直未能实现当名作家的夙愿。

This entrance is in constant use.
此入口经常使用。

The college is to invest$ 2 million in a new conference hall.
这所学院计划投入200万元建造新的会议大厅。

Somebody was knocking on the window.
有人在敲窗户。

Now is a good time to invest in the property market.
现在是对房地产市场投资的好时机

The conference is going to be a lot of extra work.
这次会议将意味着很多额外工作。

A high wall separated our back yard from the playing field.
我们的后院和运动场之间隔着一堵高墙。

Technology in this field has matured considerably over the last decade.
这一领域的技术经过过去十年的发展已经相当完善。

He has matured a great deal over the past year.
经过过去这一年，他成熟了许多。

The need for sleep varies considerably from person to person.
不同的人对睡眠的需要差异相当大。

On the face of it, it seems like a great deal.
表面上看来好像很多。

After graduating she opted for a career in music.
毕业后她选择了从事音乐工作。

When the gate is raised, the water can flow freely.
闸门提起时水就可以畅流。

Application of Ext and Web Services in VTS Manage Information System
Ext和Web Services在VTS管理信息系统中的应用

I recognized a few of the other people.
我认出了一些其他的人。

You need to reset your watch to local time.
你需要把表调整到当地时间。

There's no point in duplicating work already done.
重复别人已经做过的工作毫无意义。

At that time London was the place to be.
那时候伦敦是不可不去的地方。

When we take our vacations is very much dictated by Greg's work schedule.
我们休假的时间在很大程度上取决于格雷格的工作日程安排。

The system is designed to be used in conjunction with a word processing program.
本系统是为与文字处理软件配合使用而设计的。

The results show that the sensitivity of the sandwich panels increases and the frequency width minifies with increasing the cell size of the honeycomb.
研究结果表明：蜂窝孔迳增大，夹心板灵敏度增加，频宽变窄；

He's a mixture of anger and sensitivity.
他气量小又太敏感。

His feelings were part anger, part relief.
他感到既愤怒，又解脱。

The sandwich took the edge off my appetite.
这份三明治使我食欲大减。

You can't hear waves of such a high frequency.
如此高频率的声波是无法听到的。

Simulation of Honeycomb Ceramic Heat Transfer in High Temperature Air Combustion System
高温空气燃烧技术蜂窝陶瓷传热模拟研究

Add the eggs to the mixture and beat well.
将鸡蛋加进混合料中，搅拌均匀。

They have begun marshalling forces to send relief to the hurricane victims.
他们已经开始结集队伍将救济物资送给遭受飓风侵害的灾民。

To make the training realistic the simulation operates in real time.
为使训练真实，模拟是实时运行的。

Ceramic tiles were inset into the tables.
桌子上镶嵌着瓷砖。

The tiles come in a huge range of colours and designs.
瓷砖有各种各样的颜色和图案。

She has beaten her opponent in all of their previous encounters.
她在以前的所有交锋中都击败了这个对手。

The wrestler put his opponent into a head hold.
那位摔跤手给对手来了个头部擒拿。

It is difficult to make a comparison with her previous book ─ they are completely different.
这很难与她以前的书相比——两者是截然不同的。

I've had a number of close encounters with bad drivers.
我好几次都险些与技术不佳的司机相撞。

They could not ensure a smooth transfer of political power.
他们无法保证政权的顺利交接。

I soon learnt to read the licence plates' prefixes.
我很快就学会了识别牌照前面的代码。

Be careful ─ the plates are hot.
当心——盘子烫手。

Try adjusting your grip on the racket.
试着调整一下你握球拍的方法。

With a firm grip on my hand, he pulled me away.
他紧握我的手把我拉开。

Adjust the string tension of your tennis racket to suit your style of playing.
调节网球拍的网张力，以配合你的打法。

The firm has achieved a dominant position in the world market.
这家公司在国际市场上占有举足轻重的地位。

These exercises help free the body of tension.
这些锻炼可使紧张的身体放松。

The limited research conducted thus far indicates they're especially dominant among those who value independence over cooperation, and harmony over confrontation.
到目前为止进行的有限研究表明，这一关系在那些重视独立甚于合作、重视和谐甚于对抗的人群中占主导地位。

Laboratory and field tests have been conducted.
已进行实验室试验和现场试验。

He had gone as far away as possible to build a new life.
他去了尽可能远的地方开始新的生活。

A red sky at night often indicates fine weather the next day.
夜空呈红色往往预兆第二天天气晴朗。

The country gained its independence ten years ago.
这个国家十年前赢得了独立。

The book contrasts modern civilization with the ideal of the noble savage who lived in harmony with nature.
这本书将现代文明同与自然界和谐相处的高尚野蛮人的理想进行了对比。

Confrontation is not always the best tactic.
对抗并非总是上策。

We would like to see closer cooperation between parents and schools.
我们希望学生家长和学校有更加紧密的合作。

The reasons for letting a house, or part of one, are varied.
把整套房子或其中一部分租出去，其原因是多种多样的。

Water the plant regularly, never letting the soil dry out.
经常给植物浇水，别让土壤干透了。

All plants need light and water.
一切植物都需要阳光和水。

The poem contrasts youth and age.
这首诗对比了青春与老年。

It's good to be back in civilization after two weeks in a tent!
在帐篷里住了两个星期后又回到人类文明的生活可真好呀！

In an ideal world there would be no poverty and disease.
在理想的世界里将没有贫穷和疾病。

I wanted so much to believe he was pure and noble.
我非常愿意相信他是纯洁高尚的。

The article was a savage attack on the government's record.
文章对政府的业绩进行了猛烈的抨击。

The book is an analysis of poverty and its causes.
这本书分析了贫困及其原因。

By comparison, you would expect to find a technological specification like this on your standard laptop in an office anywhere in the world.
相比之下，你会期望在全球任何地方的办公室里，从自己的标准笔记本电脑上找到这样的技术规范。

The board consists of vertical and horizontal lines
板上画着横纵的线条。

Output consists of both exports and sales on the domestic market.
产量包括出口和国内市场销售两部分。

The gadget can be attached to any vertical or near vertical surface.
该装置可以装在任何垂直或近似垂直的平面上。

And what of the effect on U.S domestic opinion?
对美国国内的舆论有什么影响？

I'd like a second opinion before I make a decision.
我在作决定之前，想听听别人的意见。

This gadget is just the thing for getting those nails out.
这小玩意儿用来起那些钉子正合适。

I felt her nails sink into my wrist.
我感觉她的指甲抠进了我的手腕里。

Take the first right, then the second left.
在第一个路口向右拐，然后再在第二个路口向左拐。

The new students were just left to sink or swim.
学校完全让新生自生自灭。

He threw the ball back with a quick flick of the wrist.
他手腕一抖把球传了回来。

All this information is available at the flick of a switch.
这所有的信息只需按一下开关便可到手。

There is a lack of adequate provision for disabled students.
为残疾学生提供的服务不够。

We cannot guarantee adequate supplies of raw materials.
我们不能保证提供充足的原料。

This provision gives the president total and unchecked power.
这条规定赋予了总统绝对及不受约束的权力。

The job will require you to use all your skills to the maximum.
这项工作将要求你最大限度地发挥你的技能。

They had delayed having children, for the usual reason, to establish their careers
为了那个通常的原因——创立自己的事业，他们推迟了要孩子。

The notes are intended as an introduction to the course.
这些笔记的目的是作为对这门课程的介绍。

The sanctions are not working the way they were intended
制裁没有发挥预期的作用。

Trade sanctions were imposed against any country that refused to sign the agreement.
凡拒签该协议的国家均受到贸易制裁。

A new tax was imposed on fuel.
当局开始对燃油征收一项新税。

Nuclear energy may overtake oil as the main fuel.
核能可能会超过石油成为主要燃料。

By that time I had lost interest in the idea.
那时我已经对此想法失去兴趣了。

The new drug has great significance for the treatment of the disease.
这种新药对于这种病的治疗有重大的意义。

I'm having treatment for my back problem.
我正接受背部疾患的治疗。

The new trade agreement should facilitate more rapid economic growth.
新贸易协定应当会加快经济发展。

The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism
新机场将促进旅游业的发展。

Tourism is a major source of income for the area.
旅游业是这个地区的主要收入来源。

This library has many commonly used reference books
这家图书馆藏有许多常用的参考书

A good reference check is difficult to conduct.
有效的推荐人核实绝非易事。

The sport has a strict code of conduct.
体育运动有严格的行为规范。

Entry is only allowed on payment of the full registration fee.
缴付全数登记费用方可进入。

Membership fees should be paid to the secretary.
会员费应交给秘书。

Legislation will be difficult and will take time.
立法既费力又耗时。

I'll call back at a more convenient time.
在方便的时候我会回电话的。

The fringe benefits include free health insurance.
附加福利包括免费健康保险。

They lived in the twilight zone on the fringes of society.
他们生活在社会边缘的过渡区域。

Many problems, however, escape detection.
然而许多问题却未被察觉。

As you're aware, this is not a new problem.
正如你所了解的，这不是一个新问题。

Generally a brief note or a phone call will suffice.
通常写个便条或打个电话就足够了。

The words issuing from her lips gave exquisite pleasure as they flowed over him
听到从她嘴里说出来的话，他感到极大的快乐。

They are demanding certain guarantees before they sign the treaty.
他们要求得到某些保证后才签署条约。

The police need a witness to make a positive ID.
警方需要有目击者加以确认。

Our investments are not doing well.
我们的投资境况不佳。

Is government becoming too centralized?
政府的权力是否越来越过分集中了？

He was arrested in parliament on charges of subversion for organizing the demonstration.
他因组织示威活动在议会上被以颠覆破坏罪名逮捕。

You could get arrested for doing that.
你干那种事可能要遭逮捕。

We are now into the second half of the parliament.
我们现已进入了本届议会的后半任期。

Wait a moment, let me give you a demonstration.
且慢，先让我做一下示范。

The war in 1939 perforce ushered in an era of more grime and drabness.
1939年的战争必然导致一个更加肮脏、更加灰暗的时代的到来。

The secretary ushered me into his office.
秘书把我领进他的办公室。

A new era was brought into being by the war.
那场战争使得一个新的时代产生了。

Kelly got the grime off his hands before rejoining her in the kitchen.
凯利洗去手上的污垢，又回到厨房来帮她的忙。

The path goes through a wood before rejoining the main road.
这条小路穿过一片树林后与大路交汇。

Prevention also plays a central role in traditional medicine.
预防在传统医学中也起着主导作用

The money was distributed among schools in the area.
这笔款项是在本地区的学校中分配的。

Emily's mercurial temperament made her difficult to live with.
埃米莉脾气反复无常，很难与她相处。

Enucleated cells are prepared by removing the nucleus with drugs and cytochalasin B.
无核细胞是通过药物、细胞松弛素b把细胞核去掉制备的。

Flowers are often fertilized by bees as they gather nectar.
花常在蜜蜂采蜜时受粉。

He has a low sperm count.
他的精液精子计数低。

When they set out they were well prepared.
他们出发时有很充分的准备。

To free electrons, something has to make them whirl fast enough to break away from their nuclei.
为了释放电子，必须使电子高速旋转而足以摆脱原子核的束缚。

Our research attempts to evaluate the effectiveness of the different drugs.
我们的研究试图对不同药物的疗效进行评估。

The whole family gathered together at Ray's home.
全家人聚集在雷的家中。

Under certain conditions, electrons can behave like waves rather than particles.
在一定条件下，电子可以作波状运动，而不是粒子状运动。

He threw himself around the stage like a whirling dervish.
他在台上转圈，如同跳旋转舞蹈的托钵僧一样。

Certain of those present were unwilling to discuss the matter further.
某些在场的人不愿意进一步讨论这个问题。

Earthquakes produce two types of seismic waves
地震产生两种地震波。

These small particles agglomerate together to form larger clusters.
这些颗粒聚结形成较大的团。

He had the support of large sections of the local populace.
他受到当地大部分百姓的拥护。

Get pairs of students to act out the dialogue in front of the class.
叫学生两人一组在课堂上演出这个对话。

Many of the species pair for life.
许多物种都终生配对。

We'll take the matter forward at our next meeting.
我们将在下一次会议上进一步讨论这个问题。

The report can be conveniently divided into three main sections.
这份报告不用费事就可划分为三个主要部分。

San Francisco is generally known as the U.S. “ gateway to the Orient ”.
旧金山是美国“通向东方的大门”。

Read the manual to learn the program's finer points.
读一下手册，以了解这一程序的细节。

Four points stand out as being more important than the rest.
有四点比其余各点更为重要。

Use opt-in for all marketing information sent to customers.
使用选入的所有营销信息发送给客户。

You'll need time to familiarize yourself with our procedures.
你需要时间熟悉我们的程序。

This technique is useful but it has its limitations.
这种技术实用，但也有局限性。

A mother recognises the feel of her child's skin when blindfolded. Similarly, she can instantly identify her baby's cry.
即便是蒙上眼睛母亲也能摸出自己孩子的肌肤。同样地，母亲也能立即听出自己孩子的哭声。

The hostages were tied up and blindfolded.
人质被捆绑起来并蒙上了眼睛。

Computers can instantly retrieve millions of information bits
计算机可以立即检索到数百万条信息。

The release of the hostages could not be achieved without the use of force.
不使用武力不可能使人质获释。

I was tied up, but managed to work myself free.
我被捆绑起来，但设法挣脱了绳索

The law applies to both individuals and corporate bodies.
本法律既适用于个人也适用于法人团体。

The individuals concerned have some explaining to do.
涉及到的每个人都要作出一些解释。

Always make a backup disk as an insurance policy.
为保险起见，每次都要做备份磁盘。

The separation weighed on both of them
分离使他们两人都十分苦恼。

What are your main concerns as a writer?
作为一名作家，你主要关注的是哪些问题？

The police have excluded theft as a motive for the murder.
警方已排除这起谋杀案中的偷窃动机。

There seemed to be no motive for the murder.
这起谋杀案看不出有什么动机。

I have elevated the simple typo to an art form.
我已经将简单的打字排版错误提升为一种艺术形式。

It appears the names were accidentally erased from computer disks.
看起来那些名字被意外地从计算机磁盘上删除了。

The self is the only knowable existent.
自我是唯一可知的存在物。

I'm not happy with his work this term.
我对他这学期的表现不满意。

The company's assets have been frozen.
这家公司的资产已被冻结。

You would be well advised to tackle this problem urgently.
你还是抓紧处理这个问题为好。

There are three essentially different ways of tackling the problem.
解决这个问题有三种根本不同的方法。

In May 1688 he was urgently summoned to London.
1688年5月，他被紧急召往伦敦。

She summoned the waiter.
她召唤服务员过来。

The economic market is a self-correcting mechanism, that does not need regulation by government.
经济市场是一种自动调节的机制，不需要政府调控。

A number of other people commented in a similar vein.
其他一些人也以类似的腔调评论。

There is a vegetarian alternative on the menu every day.
每天的菜单上另有素食餐点。

He was a vegetarian, and a fussy one to boot.
他是个素食主义者，而且过于讲究。

Wash that mud off your boots before you come in.
先把你靴子上的泥冲洗掉再进来。

He described the sequence of events leading up to the robbery.
他描述了抢劫案发生前的一系列有关情况。

The human genome has now been sequenced.
人类基因组的序列现已测定。

The G-7 organization groups together the world's seven leading industrialized nations
七国集团将世界上7个最主要的工业国家归在一起。

Three children were taken hostage during the bank robbery.
在银行抢劫案中有三名儿童被扣为人质。

Although the Amish have lived with industrialized America for over two and a half centuries, they have moderated its influence on their personal lives, their families, communities, and their values.
虽然阿米什人与工业化的美国一起生活了两个半世纪，但他们减弱了美国对他们个人生活、家庭、社区以及价值观的影响。

This system perpetuated itself for several centuries.
这一制度维持了几个世纪。

The television debate was moderated by a law professor.
这场电视辩论由一位法学教授主持。

The media play a major role in influencing people's opinions.
媒体在影响舆论方面发挥着重要作用。

The two communities are now on a collision course
这两个社区之间现在有可能会发生冲突。

This newspaper maintains a good balance in its presentation of different opinions.
这份报纸不偏不倚地报道不同的意见。

The new law will affect us all, directly or indirectly.
新的法规将直接或间接地影响我们所有的人。

You may take either of the two.
你可以从两个中间挑任何一个。

The lotion is dispensed by a handy pump action spray.
洗液由一个使用方便的按压式皂液器提供。

Use a cotton ball to apply the lotion.
用棉球涂外用药水。

Certain types of foods are also dispensed in pressurized canisters.
某些种类的食物也可以装入密封的金属罐里。

There are already long queues of vehicles at petrol pumps.
加油泵边车辆已经排起了长队。

I gave the plants a quick spray.
我给这些花草略微喷了喷水。

Cotton clothing allows your skin to breathe.
棉织品能使皮肤透气。

She was pressurized into accepting the job.
她被迫接受了这份工作。

Only light vehicles are allowed over the old bridge.
只有轻型车辆才准许通过那座旧桥。

We drove there and back on one tank of petrol.
我们开车去那里来回用了一油箱汽油。

South America separated from Africa 200 million years ago.
2亿年前南美洲和非洲分离。

If you have long curly hair, don't shave it off.
如果你有一头卷曲的长发，不要剪掉。

This strut braces the beam.
这根柱子支撑房梁。

The players strutted and posed for the cameras.
运动员昂首阔步，摆好姿势让记者拍照。

Be careful you don't knock your head on this low beam.
小心，别把头撞在这矮梁上。

All curly braces must be well matched and cannot be nested.
所有大括号都必须匹配良好，并且不能嵌套。

New information is matched against existing data in the computer.
新的资料和电脑中已有的数据作了比较。

One day, a bird came and nested in the tree.
一天,一只鸟来了,在树上筑巢。

There remained one significant problem.
还有一个非常重要的问题。

The President has been trying hard to hang onto power
总统一直在设法抓住权力不放。

Zooming is not possible while in macro mode.
在宏模式下无法进行缩放。

The opposition parties are making political capital out of the government's problems.
各反对党都在利用政府存在的问题捞取政治资本。

This is the main factor driving investment in the area.
这是推动在这个地区投资的主要因素。

The various opposition parties speak with one voice on this issue.
在这个问题上各反对党派众口一词。

You must weigh the benefits against the cost.
你一定要权衡利益与成本二者的得失。

Public sentiment is against any change to the law.
公众的意见是反对对该法律作任何修改。

His speech loosed a tide of nationalist sentiment.
他的讲话表露出一种强烈的民族主义情绪。

He loosed the straps that bound her arms.
他松开了绑在她手臂上的带子。

The moon exerts a force on the earth that causes the tides.
月球对地球的吸引力引起潮汐。

The bags have adjustable shoulder straps
这些包的肩带可以调整。

Had inner() not been inlined, this optimization would not have been possible.
如果inner（）没有被内联，那么这个优化是不可能发生的。

She is one of the most influential figures in local politics.
她是本地政坛举足轻重的人物。

We encourage all students to work at their own pace.
我们鼓励学生都按自己的节奏学习。

They maintained a breathless pace for half an hour.
他们用疾速的步伐走了半小时。

He arrived breathless at the top of the stairs.
他爬上楼梯顶时气喘吁吁的。

How many stairs are there up to the second floor?
上到第三层一共有多少磴楼梯？

Her jaw was set in a determined manner.
她下巴紧绷着，一副决不动摇的样子。

'It won't be easy,' he said grimly.
“那不会很容易。”他严肃地说。

The manner in which the decision was announced was extremely regrettable.
宣布决定的方式非常令人遗憾。

It was announced that new speed restrictions would be introduced.
据宣布，将有新的限速规定出台。

She found it extremely difficult to get a job.
她发觉找工作极其困难。

He introduced me to a Greek girl at the party.
他在聚会上介绍我认识了一位希腊姑娘。

The eggs are about to hatch.
这些蛋就要孵化了。

I need you to get to the forward escape hatch and let us in.
我要你打开前面的安全舱口让我们进去。

The area has remained relatively untouched by commercial development.
相对而言，这个地区至今没有受到商业开发的影响。

We had relatively few applications for the job.
申请我们这项工作的人相对较少。

Is the property or any part thereof used for commercial activity?
这一房产或其中任何部分有用于商业活动吗？

What's the meaning of this? I explicitly told you not to leave the room.
这是什么意思？我明确地告诉过你不要离开这个房间。

The course teaches you the theory but there's no substitute for practical experience.
这门课教的是理论，但没有任何东西能代替实践经验。

If Casey is correct, the total cost of the cleanup would come to$ 110 billion.
如果凯西是对的，清理的总花费将达1,100亿美元。

A Solution of Mobile Operation System Based on Client-side
移动作业系统的客户端解决方案

Model and Algorithm for Location Routing Problem Based on Equilibrium Principle
基于均衡原理的定位-运输路线安排问题模型及求解算法

Keep in mind you're going to be fighting lots of men who hit plenty hard.
记住你要和许多出拳非常凶狠的人交手。

City planning treats the city as a unit, as an organic whole.
城市规划将城市视为一个单位，一个有机的整体。

She treats the people who work for her as her equals.
她以平等的身份对待为她工作的人。

We have to understand and think about the implications, and balance these great innovations with the potential downsides they naturally carry with them.
我们必须要理解和思考科技的影响，平衡这些伟大的创新和它们自身所具有的负面影响。

The development of the site will have implications for the surrounding countryside.
这个地点的开发将会影响周围的乡村。

The campaigns are part of American-style innovations being pioneered by the new universities.
这些运动是几所新建大学倡导的美式创新的一部分。

The responsibility naturally fell on our shoulders.
责任自然地落到了我们肩上。

The method they pioneered remains fundamental to research into the behaviour of nerve cells.
他们首创的方法在神经细胞活动的研究中一直是不可或缺的。

北约国家被迫正视基本的道德问题
The WebSphere Application Server offers one example of this workaround.

Politicians are often obliged to steer a course between incompatible interests.
政治家常常被迫在互不相容的利益之间开辟航道。

Politicians put their own spin on the economic situation.
政治家们对经济形势各执一词。

Parents are obliged by law to send their children to school.
法律规定父母必须送子女入学。

Can doing one's homework really steer families to the best places?
做足功课真的能引导家人去往最好的地方吗?

Most of their economic policies serve the interests of big business.
他们的经济政策多半符合大企业的利益。

Stay away when the plane's propellers are spinning.
飞机的螺旋桨在快速旋转时，要离得远一些。

Families will be better off under the new law.
新法律会使家庭经济宽裕一些。

As Wren's epitaph famously declares, the cathedral itself is his monument.
众所周知，雷恩的墓志铭中写道，大教堂本身就是他的纪念碑。

I got on famously with Leary from the first time we met.
我和利里第一次见面就相处甚欢。

The town is famous for its cathedral.
这个城镇以大教堂著名。

The monument was moved bodily to a new site.
整个纪念碑被迁到了新的地点。

There's more to eating than just bodily needs.
饮食不仅仅是出于身体的需要。

Paris was besieged for four months and forced to surrender.
巴黎被围困了四个月后被迫投降。

Students may decide to seek tutorial guidance.
学生可以决定寻求导师指导。

We seek to improve relations between our two countries.
我们寻求改进我们两国间的关系。

The proposal has generated a lot of interest.
这项建议引起众多的关注。

Advanced students need to be aware of the importance of collocation.
层次较高的学生必须意识到词语搭配的重要性。

I spent hours sticking the photographs into the family book, and my fingers got all gummed up.
我费了好几个小时用胶水把相片粘贴在家庭相册上，弄得手指都粘在一起了。

A large address label was gummed to the package.
包装袋上贴上了一大张地址签条。

There was a nationwide debate on whether the asylum laws should be changed.
对是否应该修改政治避难法展开了一场全国性的大辩论。

He applied for asylum in 1987 after fleeing the police back home.
1987年他在本国逃脱警察追捕后，就申请了政治庇护。

Design and Application of Pressure Screen Control in Waste Paper Pulping
废纸制浆中压力筛控制方案的设计与应用

In my view it was a waste of time.
依我看，这是浪费时间。

It's no good complaining ─ they never listen.
抱怨毫无用处——他们根本不听。

The council wants to dish the money out to specific projects.
理事会想把钱分配到具体的工程。

The council has given the go-ahead to start building.
委员会已批准破土动工。

He strives hard to keep himself very fit
他努力地保持身体健康。

The work must be completed within a certain time limit.
这项工作必须在一定期限内完成。

Prison officers are demanding pay parity with the police force.
狱警正要求与警察同工同酬。

The straps cross over at the back and are tied at the waist.
带子在背后交叉，然后系在腰部。

A detailed news report will follow shortly.
下面紧接着是详细的新闻报道。

The speakers came on to the platform in order of precedence.
讲演人按行辈鱼贯上台。

We work on improving visual acuity.
我们致力于提高视觉的敏锐度。

Send € 20 or the equivalent in your own currency.
寄20欧元或等值的贵国货币。

But consumers' preferences were already shifting toward touch-screen smartphones.
但消费者的偏好已经转向触摸屏智能手机。

He stopped, shifting his cane to his left hand
他停了下来，将手杖移到左手。

He wore a grey suit and leaned heavily on his cane.
他身穿一件灰色西装，吃力地拄着拐杖。

Instead of giving people practice, the gradual reduction likely gave them cravings and withdrawal symptoms before they even reached quit day, which could be why fewer people in that group actually made it to that point.
并非能够给人们一种训练，逐渐减少很可能让他们在彻底戒掉之前再次上瘾并且回归到以前的症状，这可能就是为何第二组成员中较少的人坚持到了最后。

The withdrawal of his statement is tantamount to an apology.
他撤回声明无异于表示歉意。

The symptoms of the disease manifested themselves ten days later.
十天后，这种病的症状显现出来。

I haven't even begun to think about quitting, or having a last hurrah, or allowing my career to wind down.
不论是突然退出、来个告别演出，还是逐渐淡出，我甚至完全都没有考虑过。

If he resigned it would be tantamount to admitting that he was guilty.
他若辞职就等于承认自己有错。

Getting an apology from him was like getting blood from a stone.
让他道歉几乎是不可能的。

I resigned last Friday and left that same day.
我上星期五辞了职，当天就离开了

An Extension of the Human Brain
人脑的延伸

The spade and fork have longer shafts, providing better leverage.
锹和耙的手柄较长，可发挥较好的杠杆作用。

Don't give him any hints when he answers the question.
在他回答问题时，不要给他提示。

See paragraph 15 of the handbook.
参见手册第15段。

The sheets are 100% pure cotton.
这些被单是100%的纯棉。

He had been cheating the taxman but it was years before he was found out.
他过去一直在欺骗税务部门，只是多年以后才被查出来。

Select the data collection option appropriate for your environment and the cheatsheet for the selected option will display for you.
选择适合您的环境的数据收集选项，所选选项的备忘单将为您显示出来。

His recreations include golf, football and shooting.
他的娱乐活动包括打高尔夫球、踢足球和射击。

The novel contains too much dialogue and not enough narrative.
这部小说对话过多，而叙述不足。

The game was relayed by satellite to audiences all over the world.
这场比赛通过卫星向全世界的观众进行了转播。

The prescribed form must be completed and returned to this office.
必须把指定的表格填好并交回本办事处。

The president said he had no intention of deploying ground troops.
总统称并不打算部署地面部队。

These attitudes are deeply embedded in our society.
这些看法在我们这个社会中根深蒂固。

The drug prevents the virus from replicating itself.
这种药能防止病毒复制。

Nearly all the cultural objects we consume arrive wrapped in inherited opinion ； our preferences are always, to some extent, someone else's.
我们消费的几乎所有文化物品都是以继承的观点来包装的；在某种程度上,我们的偏好总是来自他人。

It was a bold stroke to reveal the identity of the murderer on the first page.
在头版上披露谋杀犯的身份，这是一个大胆的举措。

The big benefit will not only be in the housing of this enormous and rapidly growing amount of data, but will also be in the ability to run real time data analytics to extract actionable and ongoing knowledge.
最大的好处将不仅在于承载这么庞大且迅速增长的数据上，还在于有能力运行实时数据分析，以提取可操作和和不断发展的知识。

The police investigation is ongoing.
警方的调查在持续进行中。

You can use minification for both external and internal style sheets.
外部和内部样式表都可以缩小。

I'd like to take this idea a step further.
我想把这一思想深化一步。

There are some caveats about using production data, however.
但是，使用生产数据有一些需要小心的地方。

The two-way choice system as a reform of the present job assignment system for college graduates means that graduates could choose employers and employers could choose graduates, both of their own free will.
作为对大学毕业生分配制度的改革，双向选择制度意味着，毕业生可以选择用人单位，用人单位也可以选择毕业生，双方均出于自愿。

The general had to get his troops across the river.
将军必须让部队过河。

He was very different from the general run of movie stars.
他和一般的电影明星迥然不同。

With such excellent studies available for consultation, it should be easy to avoid the pitfalls.
有如此优秀的研究可供参考，避开陷阱应该很容易。

His engaging personality made him popular with his peers.
他迷人的个性使他深受同龄人的喜爱。

I was chosen to be a person who does not meet the status quo, then there will be a subsequent drop classes transfer.
可我又偏偏是一个不满足现状的人，然后就有了后来的降班，转学。

Everyone has the right to good medical care regardless of their ability to pay.
无论支付能力如何，每个人都有权得到良好的医疗。

ISDN connectivity allows computers to communicate over a network.
综合业务数字网连接实现了计算机网络通讯。

Most of her life was spent in caring for others.
她大半辈子的时间都用来照顾别人了。

The extension of the subway will take several months.
扩建地铁需用几个月时间。

Local production virtually eliminates transport costs.
本地生产实际上消除了运输成本。

Democracy responds and adjusts to the will of the people
民主响应并顺应人民的意志。

Graham Fletcher was unimpressed with the idea of filling in a lengthy questionnaire.
格雷厄姆·弗莱彻对填写冗长的调查问卷这种事没什么兴趣。

If such materials became generally available to the optics industry the payoffs from such a breakthrough would be enormous
如果这些材料能够普遍用于光学产业，那么这一突破带来的收益将非常巨大。

He made her his companion, though she was some years younger than Florence; and she could be as staid and pleasantly demure, with her little book or work-box, as a woman.
虽然她比弗洛伦斯还小几岁，但他却把她当作他的伴侣；她拿着她的小书或针线匣，能跟成年妇女一样沉着冷静；而且有趣的是，也跟她们一样文雅庄重。

I'm not worried about her ─ she can take care of herself.
我不为她担心，她能照顾自己。

Pack ice around Iceland was becoming a threat to navigation.
冰岛周围的浮冰群曾一度对船只航行构成威胁。

Her work has been of a consistently high standard.
她的工作一直是高水准的。

The decision was based upon two considerations.
这一决定基于两种考虑。

Principle of statistical energy analysis for non-conservatively coupled systems
非保守耦合系统的统计能量分析原理

They discussed the statistical significance of the results.
他们讨论了这些结果在统计学上的意义。

CDTV uses a CD-ROM system that is coupled to a powerful computer.
动态视频系统使用的是与大功率计算机相连的只读光盘系统。

If you go on like this you'll end up in prison.
如果你继续这样，早晚得进监狱。

Because you can keep populating higher and higher levels.
因为我们可以填充，越来越高的能级。

You are probably well enough to take a little light exercise.
你恢复得不错，大概可以做些轻微的运动了。

I fail to see the logic behind his argument.
我不明白支持他论据的是什么逻辑。

You'll like her once you get to know her.
你一旦了解了她就会喜欢她的。

Everything he writes demonstrates the depth of his sensibility.
他笔下的一切都显示出他深深的感悟。

He was unable to control his sensibility
他不能控制自己的过分敏感。

Although the fluid presents no symptoms to the patient, its presence can be detected by a test.
虽然这种液体不会使患者出现任何症状，但是它可以通过测试检测出来

In the worst-case scenario more than ten thousand people might be affected.
在最坏的情况下，有一万多人可能会受到影响。

Sometimes frustration and anger can boil over into direct and violent action.
有时挫折和愤怒会以直接的暴力形式爆发出来。

Heat the cream to boiling point and pour three quarters of it over the chocolate.
把奶油煮沸，然后把其中的3/4浇到巧克力上。

We were moved to more comfortable living quarters.
我们搬进了较舒适的住处。

You'll get fat if you eat so much chocolate.
你如果吃这么多巧克力就会发胖的

Movie stars often prefer to travel incognito.
电影明星旅行时常喜欢隐瞒身份。

It is illegal to intercept radio messages
拦截无线电报是非法的。

Controlling routing at the physical network layer embeds policy into topology.
在物理网络层控制路由需要将策略嵌入到拓扑中。

Indeed, readers familiar with the fundamentals of algebriaic topology can easily prove the correctness of this presentation.
事实上，熟悉代数拓扑基本原理的读者容易证明这个表示的正确性。

A good salesperson has to be aggressive in today's competitive market.
在当今竞争激烈的市场上，一个好的销售员应该有进取精神。

She is due to deliver a lecture on genetic engineering.
根据安排她要作一个关于转基因的演讲。

The expiration date on this yogurt was November 20.
这酸奶的有效期到11月20日。

The government agreed to send a small token force to the area.
政府同意派遣一小支象征性的部队到那一地区。

The void left by his mother's death was never filled.
他母亲死后留下的空虚感永远没能填补上。

The Analysis and Implementation of Tuple Space Based Agent Coordination
基于元组空间的Agent协作模型的分析与实现

The method is characterized by the high computing speed and high iterating precision.
其特点是计算速度快，迭代精度高。

The basis matrix B is unimodular.
基矩阵b是幺模的。

I'm not going to let them get one over on me!
我决不让他们胜过我！

A Digital Controlled Const Current Source Based on the Switch Technology
基于开关技术的数控恒流源

Can we swap places? I can't see the screen.
咱俩交换一下座位好不好？我看不见银幕。

You can't possibly carry all those bags.
你绝拿不了所有这些包包袋袋的。

Many animals breed only at certain times of the year.
很多动物只在一年的某个时候交配繁殖。

Who holds the record in the 100 meters?
100米纪录是谁保持着的？

They were slithering around on the ice.
他们在冰上踉踉跄跄地滑行。

Of course, you could use an ordinary if-else statement ( described later), but the ternary operator is much terser.
当然，也可以换用普通的if-else语句（在后面介绍），但三元运算符更加简洁。

The BBC's archives are bulging with material.
英国广播公司的档案库材料极其丰富。

Please write an abstract of this article 〔 thesis 〕.
请写一份这本书〔这篇论文〕的摘要。

There is no empirical evidence to support his thesis.
他的论文缺乏实验证据的支持。

The new evidence will strengthen their case.
新的证据将使他们的论据更为充分

Most large companies now use computers for accounting and housekeeping operations.
多数大公司现在用计算机进行会计运算和内务操作。

The report is critical of the department's waste of resources.
报告批评了这个部门对资源的浪费。

Please stand and pledge the flag, after which Dr. Jerome Taylor will give the invocation.
请起立对旗宣誓，之后杰尔姆·泰勒博士将做祈祷。

He would keep his pledge to the utmost of his power.
他将极力信守他的誓言。

Without problem, the utmost problem.
没有问题是最大的问题。

We had the pick of suits from the shop.
我们买了店里最好的套装。

Bombing had made roads and railways unusable.
轰炸导致公路和铁路都无法通行。

The Integration Policy and Its Implementation of Standalone Network Management System
单元网络管理系统集成策略及实现

The following example illustrates the use of the callee property.
下面的示例阐释了callee属性的用法。

He had an intuitive sense of what the reader wanted.
他能直觉地感到读者需要什么。

Integration of Indoor and Field Work Based on Electronic Field Annotating System
使用电子调绘系统的内外业一体化作业方法

The resources at our disposal could have been better utilized.
我们所掌握的资源本来可以利用得更好，获得更高的效益。

She spent all her inheritance in a year.
她在一年之内用完了所有继承的遗产。

A suppressed immune system puts a transplant recipient at risk of other infections.
接受器官移植的病人免疫系统受到抑制后很可能会感染其他疾病。

Our immune systems are killing billions of germs right now.
我们的免疫系统正在杀死数以十亿计的细菌。

She was on a wait list for a liver transplant.
她的名字当时在肝移植等候者名单上。

The sergeant stood to attention and saluted.
中士立正敬礼。

The rhino broke away and ran not at us, but along the rocky bank beside us.
这头犀牛突然跑开了，但它没冲着我们跑来，而是沿着我们旁边的石堤跑了。

She is highly intelligent but her work lacks organization.
她聪慧绝顶，工作却缺乏条理。

This is prudent finance, not unsound finance.
这是谨慎的理财方法，而不是不健全的理财方法。

My suggestion is that you should talk with the prudent house buyers.
我的建议是你应该和谨慎的购房者聊聊。

A large group of undesirable strangers crashed her party.
一大群不受欢迎的陌生人不请自来，搅了她的聚会。

My inferior understanding prevents my grasping the unquestionable soundness of the mission.
我理解力差，无法理解这次任务的绝对正确性。

The implication in his article is that being a housewife is greatly inferior to every other occupation.
他那篇文章的含意是，当家庭主妇远远不如所有其他职业。

The claws of a crab are used for grasping things, especially food.
螃蟹用钳抓东西，特别是食物。

Both world wars were of unquestionable importance as economic events.
两次世界大战都是重要性无可置疑的经济事件。

He was taken to a US airbase to be debriefed on the mission.
他被带到美国空军基地汇报执行使命情况。

The lion's claws had gouged a wound in the horse's side.
狮爪在马身一侧抓了一道深口。

Shrimps and crabs are only small crustaceans in the ocean.
虾、蟹不过是大海中渺小的介虫罢了。

The men have been debriefed by British and Saudi officials
英国和沙特阿拉伯的官员听取了他们的情况汇报。

The man's eyes had been gouged out.
这男人的双眼已被挖了出来。

She tried to stop the flow of blood from the wound.
她试图止住伤口流血。

I'm going to have shrimps for my tea.
傍晚的便餐我要吃点虾。

When the tide ebbs it's a rock pool inhabited by crustaceans.
退潮时，它便成为甲壳动物居住的岩石区潮水潭。

The area was inhabited long before the dawn of recorded history.
早在有历史记载之前很久这个地区就有人居住了。

The prisoner will be put to death at dawn.
囚犯将在黎明时被处死。

It is their responsibility to ensure that the rules are enforced.
他们有责任确保制度的执行。

The existing law is not entirely/ wholly satisfactory.
现行法律并不十分完善。

To the casual observer, the system appears confusing.
乍看起来，这个系统好像条理不清。

They were armed with spears and other warlike implements.
他们用矛和其他作战工具武装自己

A heavily armed guard of police have sealed off the city centre.
一队全副武装的警察已经封锁了市中心。

It has no warlike significance.
这没有好战的意味。

An aneroid is a sealed bellows which is sensitive to changes in atmospheric pressure.
膜盒是一种密封的弹簧绉纹管，可以感受到大气压力的变化。

Another ambient temperature sensor is the vapor-filled bellows.
另一种空气温度传感器是充气波纹管。

A sensor channels the light signal along an optical fibre.
传感器沿光导纤维输送光信号。

The method parameters and return types must be serializable.
方法参数和返回类型必须是可序列化的。

During the birth she was given gas and air.
她分娩时用了麻醉混合气体。

I'll lay you any money you like he won't come.
我看他不来了，你愿意赌多少钱我都奉陪。

It is the parameter of distribution.
这就是分布参数。

The report highlights the similarity between the two groups.
这份报告强调两组之间的相似性。

The film is long and dramatic but does not quite earn the epithet 'epic'.
这部影片篇幅长，戏剧性强，不过还不能誉为“史诗”。

The nation is gripped by the dramatic story.
举国上下都为那个戏剧性的故事牵动着。

You can expect to earn round about £ 40,000 a year.
你可望一年赚4万英镑左右。

She gripped the pipe with both hands, trying to snap it in half.
她双手紧握烟斗，想要把它掰成两半。

An oak tree cast its shadow over a tiny round pool
一棵橡树的影子投射在一洼圆形的小水池上。

Water is piped from the reservoir to the city.
水用管子从水库输送到城市。

When he said that, something snapped inside her.
听他说到这里，她内心的感情一下子翻腾起来。

The reservoir was low after the long drought.
久旱之后水库的水位下降了。

Water allotments to farmers were cut back in the drought.
在干旱时期配给农民的水量减少。

Research on Algorithms of Super-Resolution Image Reconstruction Based on Aliased Images
基于混叠图像的超分辨率图像重构算法研究

Many robots are equipped with high-tech sensors and complex learning algorithms to avoid injuring humans as they work side by side.
许多机器人配备有高科技传感器和复杂的学习算法，以避免伤害到与其并肩工作的人类。

In this paper, we study super-resolution imaging problems.
本文研究了扇束等距的超分辨成像问题。

Work began on the reconstruction of the road.
道路的重建工作开始了。

The high cost of capital has a crippling effect on many small American high-tech firms
高昂的资金成本严重影响了美国的很多小型高科技公司。

The latest Japanese vacuum cleaners contain sensors that detect the amount of dust and type of floor.
日本的最新真空吸尘器配有可探测灰尘多少和地板类型的传感器。

Local firms were invited to tender for the building contract.
当地的公司被邀请投标承包建筑工程。

We have invited 50 people, not counting the children.
不算小孩，我们邀请了50人。

We are in competition with four other companies for the contract.
我们在与其他四家公司竞争这项合同。

They have no intention of carrying out what they have declared.
他们的声明是不准备兑现的。

Sometimes there's a flat fee for carrying out a particular task
有时执行某项特定的任务有固定的价码。

People used to think the earth was flat.
人们曾经认为地球是平的。

Children usually transfer to secondary school at 11 or 12.
儿童通常在11或12岁时升读中学。

Safety measures were carried out in compliance with paragraph 6 of the building regulations.
遵照建筑规程的第6条实施了安全措施。

Much of the form was not applicable to me.
表格中很多部分不适用于我。

It grated with him when people implied he wasn't really British.
当有人暗示他不是地道的英国人时，他很是恼火。

Add the grated cheese to the sauce
把磨碎的干酪加到调味汁里。

This smart washing machine will dispense an optimal amount of water for the load.
这台智能洗衣机会根据衣物多少适当安排进水量。

Town planning and land allocation had to be coordinated.
必须协调城市规划和土地分配之间的关系。

They erected a television antenna on the roof.
他们在屋顶上架起了电视天线。

A statue in his memory was erected by public subscription.
由公众捐资建起一座纪念他的雕像。

The organization dispenses free health care to the poor.
这个机构为穷人提供免费医疗。

We need to develop a coordinated approach to the problem.
我们需要拿出解决这一问题的协调一致的办法。

They believe the statue is a waste of taxpayers' money.
他们认为这座雕像糟蹋了纳税人的钱。

Finance for education comes from taxpayers.
教育经费来自纳税人。

It was alleged that the restaurant discriminated against black customers.
据称该饭馆歧视黑人顾客。

This procedure should be followed in cases where dishonesty has been alleged.
指控欺诈的案件应遵循本诉讼程序。

The procedure can be divided into two parts.
这一程序可以分为两部分。

We had to fire him for dishonesty.
他不诚实，我们不得不开除他。

Water supplies and other public utilities were badly affected.
供水以及其他公用事业受到了严重影响。

The chances of a full recovery will depend on the severity of her injuries.
能否彻底康复取决于她受伤的严重程度。

He is beginning his fourth consecutive term of office.
他开始了第四届任期。

Her interpretation of the music was too literal.
她演奏的音乐太平淡乏味。

Her evidence suggests a different interpretation of the events.
她的证据显示这些事件可能有另外一种解释。

Document Submitting System Based on Office InterOP Technology
基于Office互操作技术的文档提交系统

He quoted a passage from the minister's speech.
他引用了部长的一段讲话。

Boots made from synthetic materials can usually be washed in a machine.
合成材料制成的靴子通常可以机洗。

Milk products are an excellent source of calcium and protein.
奶制品富含钙与蛋白质。

The gene is activated by a specific protein.
这种基因由一种特异性蛋白激活。

Every care has been taken in compiling this list.
汇编这份清单时考虑得很充分。

The editor compiles this book with the intent of helping Chinese students of English overcome many difficulties which they may come across in reading.
编者编纂这本书的目的在于帮助学英语的中国学生解决阅读时可能遇到的许多困难。

He broke the window with the intent to enter and steal.
他打破窗户意图入室行窃。

-in a property from the custom rollup property list
在由自定义汇总属性列表得出的属性中

Talks will now begin about integrating the activities of both companies.
关于合并两家公司业务的谈判现在将会开始。

He might feel that leveraging the company at a time when he sees tremendous growth opportunities would be a mistake.
他也许觉得，在他认为大有可为的时候让公司借贷经营是一个错误。

He plays the character with tremendous concentration combined with a pleasing modesty.
他表演这个角色时倾注了巨大的心血，而且非常谦虚和善。

You can download the file and edit it on your word processor.
你可以把文件下载，用文字处理系统做编辑。

The linking step ( s) may not be parallelized.
链接步骤可能不是并行的。

The Design of Image Retrieval System Based on Color Layout Descriptor
基于颜色布局描述符的图像检索系统设计

In a sense, forgetting is our brain's way of sorting memories, so the most relevant memories are ready for retrieval.
从这方面来看，遗忘是我们大脑整理记忆的一种方式，所以我们可以检索到最相关的记忆。

The elaborate facade contrasts strongly with the severity of the interior.
精致的门面同室内的简朴形成强烈反差。

In his plays he takes simple traditional tales and elaborates them.
他在剧本里采用了一些简单的传统故事并进行了发挥。

The interior of the church was plain and simple.
教堂内部朴素无华。

The trick is done simply by sleight of hand.
变这个戏法全凭手法敏捷。

Last year's profits were more the result of financial sleight of hand than genuine growth.
去年的赢利更多是因为财务手法，而不是真正的增长。

Profits were at the same level as the year before.
利润和前一年的持平。

The sum of all the angles of a triangle is 180 degrees.
三角形内角总和为180度。

You can look at the issue from many different angles.
你可以从很多不同的角度看这个问题。

The wall is several degrees off the vertical.
这堵墙倾斜了有好几度。

'That is wrong,' he asserted.
“那是错的。”他断言道。

A power evaluation method for operand isolation is proposed.
提出了操作数分离功耗评估方法，该方法原理简单，方便易行，实验结果表明，可有效指导在设计中采用操作数分离技术。

The evaluation of conduct involves some amount of generalization.
对操行的评价会含有一些泛泛之论。

He accepted all the changes we proposed.
他同意我们提出的全部修改方案。

The restructuring involves Mr Ronson giving up control of the company
这次改组涉及龙森先生放弃对公司的控制权。

Try to avoid generalization.
尽量避免泛泛而论。

Think of a number and multiply it by two.
想出一个数，然后乘以二。

I plucked an orange from the tree.
我从树上摘了一个橙子。

Protein secondary structure of spreadable processed cheese and it's effect on texture
涂抹再制干酪中蛋白质的二级结构及其对质构的影响

He wanted to experiment more with different textures in his paintings.
他想以不同的神韵在自己的绘画中作更多的尝试。

The results of the experiment are not statistically significant.
从统计学的观点看，实验结果意义不明显。

The difference between the two samples was not statistically significant.
在统计学的意义上，这两个样品没有显著的差异。

There are no fewer than 100 different species in the area.
这个地区有不少于100个的不同物种。

He used a camera obscura, which was a primitive camera.
他用的是照相暗盒儿，最原始的相机。

We mustn't let these minor details obscure the main issue.
我们不能让枝节问题掩盖主要问题。

The hamster had got through the wire at the front of its cage.
仓鼠从其笼子前部的栅栏处钻出去了。

Don't touch that wire or you'll get a shock.
别碰那根电线，不然会触电的。

Keep the dog confined in a suitable travelling cage.
把狗关进适于旅行的笼子里。

Losing in the first round was a shock to the system.
首轮失利让人大为震惊。

Games can help children learn to form letters.
游戏可以帮助儿童学会组合字母。

Research of Simulation Method Based on Validation of NC Process Plan
基于数控加工工艺验证的仿真方法研究

It's only realistic to acknowledge that something, some time, will go wrong.
只有承认有些事情在某些时候会出问题才是现实的。

The volume of this box is 180 cubic feet.
这个箱子的容积为180立方英尺。

So far we have had ringing declarations, but only limited action.
目前，我们已经发表了一些有力的声明，但只采取了有限的行动。

He said he was ringing from London.
他说他是从伦敦打来的电话。

An Algorithm for the Inverse Solution of Bezier Surface Control Points
一个反求Bezier曲面控制点的算法

A person's wealth is often in inverse proportion to their happiness.
一个人的财富常常与他的幸福成反比。

Water covers a large proportion of the earth's surface.
水覆盖了地球表面的大部分。

He said it is still not possible to predict the ultimate outcome
他说现在还无法预料最终的结局。

The proportion of single parent families varies between different income groups.
单亲家庭比例在不同收入群中各不相同。

It is impossible to predict what the eventual outcome will be.
无法预测最终结果。

This is a matter of prime importance.
这是一个首要的问题。

Her telephone number differs from mine by one digit.
她的电话号码和我的只差一个数字。

With both countries experiencing economic revolutions, it might be time to redraw the traditional relationship
两国都在经历经济革命，现在可能是重新描绘两国传统关系的时候。

He turns every subject into a moral discussion.
他把每个论题都变成了道德的讨论。

These shoes are a little too big for me.
我穿这双鞋太大了一点。

As we have seen in previous chapters, visualization methods are varied.
我们在前几章已经了解到，可视化方法是多种多样的。

David Jacobs was given the job of combining the data from these 19 studies into one giant study
分给戴维·雅格布斯的任务是把这19项研究得出的数据加以综合，使之成为一项大型研究。

He's a giant of a man.
他是个巨人。

This is a cynical manipulation of the situation for short-term political gain
这是为了获取短期政治利益而损人利己地对局势进行操纵。

Don't think this gang is monolithic--it can be split up.
不要以为这帮人是铁板一块，他们是可以分化的。

Police suspect a local gang.
警方怀疑当地的一个不良帮派。

We compared the human mind to a computer which actively seeks information to process, encodes it and stores it for future use.
我们将人脑比作一台计算机，它主动寻找需要处理的信息，对其进行加密，并存储起来以便将来使用。

It is conceivable that I'll see her tomorrow.
我可能明天会见到她。

And that is the crux of the matter.
这就是问题的症结所在。

The new bill would remove student representation from the university Senate.
新议案将取消大学评议会中的学生代表。

The task requires extraordinary patience and endurance
那项任务需要非凡的耐心和毅力。

There has got to be a degree of flexibility
得有一点灵活性才行。

He smiled suddenly, exposing a set of amazingly white teeth.
他突然一笑，露出一口雪白的牙齿。

He'll get over it ─ young people are amazingly resilient.
他会克服这些的——年轻人的适应力惊人。

Wave after wave of aircraft passed overhead.
一批又一批飞机从上空掠过。

The grass waved in the wind.
草在风中起伏波动。

Production of the new aircraft will start next year.
新飞机的生产将于明年开始。

My interests are very diverse.
我的兴趣非常广泛。

We had to listen to the tedious details of his operation.
我们不得不听他唠叨他那次行动繁琐的细节。

His writing is difficult and often verbose.
他的文章很晦涩，而且往往篇幅冗长。

It is imperative to continue the treatment for at least two months.
必须继续治疗至少两个月。

Optimization analysis on iteration process of complex product development based on uncertainty
基于不确定性的复杂产品开发迭代过程优化设计

It was a time of terrible uncertainty
那是一切都很不确定的一段时间。

Groups provide a declarative solution for all those use case.
组为这些用例提供了一个声明性的解决方案。

The police force is being manipulated for political ends
有人为了政治目的在操纵警方。

There are some testing tasks that must be run natively in the production environment.
有一些必须在产品环境上运行的测试任务。

This exercise will work the muscles of the lower back.
这样的运动可以锻炼腰部的肌肉。

Similar trends are observable in mainland Europe.
类似的趋势在欧洲大陆也能见到。

A photographer recorded the scene on video for posterity
摄影师用摄像机为后代记录下了这个场景。

The expr function evaluates these contents when you press the= key or the Enter key.
当按下=键或Enter键时，expr函数将对这些内容进行计算。

The character is intrinsic.
性格是内在的。

This view assumes that rich societies will invest in environmental care.
这一观点假设富裕的社会会投资环境治理。

Frequency and pulse width ratio play an important role for power consumption rather than coalescing process.
频率、脉宽比对水颗粒聚结效果影响较小，但对电能消耗产生重要影响。

An electrical pulse in a wire travels close to the speed of light
电线里的电脉冲以接近光速的速度传输。

She caught a fever on her travels in Africa, and died.
她在非洲旅行时患热病而死。

Hydrogen and oxygen combine to form water.
氢与氧化合成水。

The report's writers state that America's failure to invest in infrastructure impacts not only the health of the real-estate market, but also our ability to remain globally competitive.
报道的作者指出，美国对改善基础设施的不作为不仅会影响房地产市场的健康发展，还会影响其国际竞争力。

Years of civil war have wrecked the country's infrastructure and destroyed its social fabric.
经年内战已破坏了国家的基础设施，摧毁了其社会结构。

By his own admission, he evaded taxes as a Florida real-estate speculator
他亲口承认自己在佛罗里达从事房地产投机生意时逃过税。

The company needs to improve its competitive edge.
公司必须提高它的竞争力。

A serious injury nearly wrecked his career.
一次重伤差点儿葬送了他的前程。

The fabric has been treated to repel water.
这种织物进行过防水处理。

They have fifty thousand troops along the border ready to repel any attack.
他们有5万人的部队驻扎在边境，随时准备击退任何进攻。

He not only read the book, but also remembered what he had read.
他不但读了这本书，而且记得所读的内容。

Our observations may contain a grain of truth for you to refer to.
我们的意见也许会有千虑一得之处，供你参考。

Da Vinci was methodical in his research, carefully recording his observations and theories
达·芬奇搞研究井井有条，会详细记录观察资料和理论学说。

The soup was a mash of grain and vegetables.
那是用粮食和蔬菜做成的浓汤。

Mash the fruit up with a fork.
用叉子将水果捣碎。

Computer graphics will give your presentation the professional touch.
计算机绘图将会使你的演示具有专业特色。

What made him remarkable as a photographer was his skill in capturing the moment.
他捕捉瞬间画面的能力使他成为一名不同凡响的摄影师。

We'll need to reduce the weight by half.
我们得把重量减轻一半。

Another reason for banning lead in gasoline is that the lead can ruin the catalytic converter.
禁止汽油里含铅的另一个原因，是铅能损坏催化式排气净化器。

Careful examination of the ruins revealed an even earlier temple.
仔细考察这片废墟后发现了一座更为古老的庙宇。

But the survey also revealed firms were running down stocks instead of making new products
但是调查也显示，各公司正在减少库存，而没有生产新的产品。

No one came into Dragon King Temple without breaking into a cold sweat.
谁进得龙王庙不捏一把冷汗？

Governments do, however, have a vital catalytic role in orchestrating rescue operations.
然而，政府在组织协调救援行动上确实发挥了重要的促进作用。

The rainwater dripped through a crack on the ceiling.
雨水从天花板的裂缝中滴下。

All planes are being inspected for possible cracking and corrosion.
所有的飞机都在接受检查，看是否可能有裂纹和腐蚀现象。

The document was a composite of information from various sources.
这份文件是不同来源信息的综合。

Elgar supplied his works with precise indications of tempo.
埃尔加给自己的作品标上了精确的节奏标记。

Foreign governments supplied arms to the rebels.
一些外国政府向反叛者提供武器。

There are clear indications that the economy is improving.
有明显的迹象显示经济已开始好转。

Both teams played with a lot of quality, pace and tempo.
两支球队的水平都很高，节奏和速度都很快。

The local police found her story didn't check out.
当地警方证实她的说法不成立。

The police presented a reactive rather than preventive strategy against crime.
警方对付犯罪的办法，不是事先加以防范，而是事后作出反应。

Everything you do or say is reflective of your personality.
你的一言一行都体现你的个性。

Do you have any evidence to support your assertions?
你的断言是否有真凭实据？

The loss of light by absorption and reflection within the telescope is not taken into account here.
这里没有考虑望远镜内部的吸收和反射造成的光线损失。

Vitamin C increases the absorption of iron from food.
维生素C促进食物中铁的吸收。

The telescope was pointing in the wrong direction.
望远镜对错了方向。

We need to iron out the kinks in the new system.
我们需要理顺新制度中的一些问题。

Research of Concept Framework for Composable Simulation System
可组合仿真系统的概念框架研究

Characteristics Study on Mutating Methods Applied to Soy Sauce Fermentation Strain
不同诱变方法对酱油发酵菌种性能的影响

The two groups of children have quite different characteristics.
这两组儿童具有截然不同的特点。

'I just added a little soy sauce,' he informs us.
“我就加了一点儿酱油，”他告诉我们。

I found it a strain looking after four children.
我觉得照料四个孩子挺累的。

Religion informs every aspect of their lives.
宗教影响着他们生活的各个方面。

Is there always a conflict between science and religion?
科学和宗教信仰之间是否永远存在着冲突？

This was one aspect of her character he hadn't seen before.
这是他过去没有了解到的她的性格的一个方面。

Economic inequality is the "defining challenge of our time," President Barack Obama declared in a speech last month to the Center for American Progress.
美国总统巴拉克·奥巴马上个月在美国进步中心发表演讲称,经济不平等是"我们这个时代的决定性挑战"。

“ total destruction ” of mankind;“ annihilation of mankind ”;
人类毁灭

The arduous task is of great challenge to him.
这项艰巨的工作对他是个很大的挑战。

He had always had his moments of quiet introspection.
他一直都抽时间静思己过。

This method is overridden to copy zone information to the view control.
重写此方法可以将区域信息复制到视图控件中。

When the needle enters the red zone the engine is too hot.
当指针进入红色区域时，发动机就过热了。

The stock market is full of traps for the unwary.
对无风险意识的人而言，股票市场充满了陷阱。

The declaration proclaimed the full sovereignty of the republic.
这份宣言宣告这个共和国完全独立自主。

The charter proclaimed that all states would have their own government.
宪章规定，各州皆允建立各自的政府。

The issue of sovereignty is a red line that cannot be crossed.
主权问题是一条不能跨越的红线。

They swayed back and forth, more or less in sync with the music.
他们来回摇摆，基本上与音乐同步。

He gave me a book, a pen and some money besides.
他给了我一本书，一支钢笔，此外还给了我一些钱。

To add verisimilitude, the stage is covered with sand for the desert scenes.
为了更加逼真，舞台上铺满了沙子作为沙漠的场景。

I'm right behind you on this one.
在这件事情上，我完全支持你。

My computer has a network interface, which allows me to get to other computers.
我的计算机有网络接口，可以与其他计算机连在一起。

He gained valuable experience whilst working on the project.
从事这项工程使他获得了宝贵的经验。

Although this liquid will not cause any symptoms, it can be detected by testing.
虽然这种液体不会使患者出现任何症状，但是它可以通过测试检测出来。

There is a list of references at the end of each chapter.
每一章的后面都有一组参考书目。

We are seeking continuous, incremental improvements, not great breakthroughs.
我们在寻求持续的、渐进的改善，而不是重大的突破。

The government has declared a state of emergency following the earthquake.
地震发生后政府已宣布进入紧急状态。

The three species evolved from a single ancestor.
这三种生物从同一祖先进化而来。

The conformance levels must be met when instantiating the service.
在实例化服务的时候一致性等级必须得到满足。

A study of CORBA based network management interface conformance test methodology
基于CORBA的网管接口一致性测试方法学的研究

Was Robin Hood a historical figure?
罗宾汉是历史人物吗？

A cube is a solid figure.
立方体是一种立体图形

I would like to offer a historical perspective.
我想从历史的角度来谈一下

Pamela Harris, a lecturer at the University of Texas at Austin, has a similar perspective.
德克萨斯大学奥斯汀分校的讲师帕梅拉·哈里斯持有类似观点

Try to imagine all the possible scenarios and what action you would take.
努力想象所有可能出现的情况并考虑一下你会采取什么行动。

He dedicated his life to helping the poor.
他毕生致力于帮助穷人。

Some of the paintings were canonical, included in art-history books.
有些画是经典的,收录在艺术史书中。

The implication of silence infers consent.; Silence implies consent.
沉默意味着同意。

He criticized the Director and, by implication, the whole of the organization.
他抨击主管，其实是间接批评了整个机构。

Children under 16 cannot give consent to medical treatment.
16岁以下的儿童不得自行同意接受治疗。

Such a view implies that our bodies and sexual nature are inherently ungodly.
这样的观点暗示我们的身体和性本能天生就是邪恶的。

People often lose confidence when they are criticized.
人受到批评时经常会失去信心。

Her interest in him is purely sexual.
她对他感兴趣纯粹是因为性的原因。

The profit motive is inherently at odds with principles of fairness and equity.
盈利动机天生就与公平和公正的原则相抵触。

She took the job purely and simply for the money.
她做这份工作就图的是钱。

What are the odds he won't turn up?
他不会露面的可能性有多大？

He has a good overall sense of justice and fairness
他极富正义感和公平意识。

We base this call on grounds of social justice and equity.
我们基于社会正义和公平发出这一呼吁。

Whether we need more food depends on how many people turn up.
我们是否需要更多的食物，这要视到场人数而定。

I had the sense that he was worried about something.
我感觉到他有些担心

I can see no grounds for complaint.
我看没理由抱怨。

Achieving success at this level requires a commitment of time and energy.
取得这种水平的成就需要花费时间和精力。

The hospital has a commitment to provide the best possible medical care.
这家医院承诺要提供最好的医疗服务。

She considers that it is too early to form a definite conclusion.
她认为现在下确切的结论还为时过早。

The demonstration was an assertion of the right to peaceful protest.
这次示威游行是使用和平抗议权。

Students took to the streets to protest against the decision.
学生们走上街头，抗议这项决定。

The current account is the broadest measure of foreign trade.
经常帐户（）外贸的最广泛的量度

Theoretically he had control over more than$ 400 million in US accounts. But, in fact, it was the US Treasury and State Department who controlled those accounts
从理论上说，他掌管着美国账户里的4亿美元。然而，事实上，是美国财政部和国务院在掌控那些账户。

The Treasury has long been predicting an upturn in consumer spending.
财政部早就预测消费者支出会出现上扬。

There is no way at present of predicting which individuals will develop the disease
目前还没有办法预测谁会得这种病。

They do not expect an upturn in the economy until the end of the year
他们预测要到年底经济才能有所好转。

Are you trying to say you want rid of me?
你是在说要甩掉我吗？

The colon, or large intestine, distends and fills with gas.
结肠，或大肠，因充满气体而膨胀。

This drug lowers cholesterol levels by binding fats in the intestine.
这种药通过黏合肠内的脂肪降低胆固醇水平。

Scientists have established a connection between cholesterol levels and heart disease.
科学家已证实胆固醇含量与心脏病之间有关联。

Fish oils are less saturated than animal fats.
鱼油不如动物脂肪饱和。

The built-in safety device compensates for a fall in water pressure.
该内置式安全装置在水压下降时能提供保护。

The company had saturated the market for personal organizers.
那家公司的产品已使电子记事簿市场饱和。

It was a squalid affair involving prostitutes and drugs.
那是一桩涉及娼妓与毒品的丑事。

The whole affair is still shrouded in secrecy.
整个事件依旧秘而不宣。

He is known to have consorted with prostitutes.
众所周知他曾与妓女厮混在一起

The crisis proved his confidence was shakable.
这一危机证明他的信心是可以动摇的。

She has mastery of several languages.
她精通数门语言。

Study on Distribution and Development State of Institutional Repositories' Construction
机构知识库构建分布及发展状况研究

The map shows the distribution of this species across the world.
地图上标明了这一物种在全世界的分布情况。

Outside the protected environment of institutional care he could not survive.
离开福利机构的照顾，离开这种受保护的环境，他将难以生存下去。

They had survived by sheer determination.
他们全凭坚强的决心幸存下来。

Their success is due in large part to their determination.
他们的成功在很大程度上应归功于他们的决心。

Her article is a discussion of the methods used in research.
她这篇文章论述的是研究中使用的方法。

This article will form the basis for our discussion.
这篇文章将作为我们讨论的基点。

He has a good job, and yet he never seems to have any money.
他有份好工作，然而他却好像总也没有钱。

Physical characteristics are determined by genetic inheritance.
身体的特征取决于基因遗传。

Rudeness is just a front for her shyness.
她的粗鲁只是为了掩饰她的羞怯。

As a result, scientists think that some shyness is genetic.
因此,科学家认为有些害羞是遗传的。

He exacted a terrible revenge for their treatment of him.
他因受他们的虐待而痛加报复。

Then, he's going to need to know the technical details of your system and acquire the specific equipment necessary for jamming your specific setup.
然后，他需要知道你家系统的技术细节，并取得能阻断系统具体设置的特定设备。

She soon acquired a reputation as a first-class cook.
她不久就获得了顶级厨师的名声。

There's a loose part that keeps jamming the mechanism.
有个零件松了经常卡住机器。

He emerged from the court case with his reputation undamaged.
他挺过了官司，名声没有受损。

New evidence emerged, vindicating him completely.
新证据出现了，证明他完全是无辜的。

The team failed to capitalize on their early lead.
这个队未能充分利用开场时领先的优势。

Don't keep us in suspense ─ what happened next?
别跟我们卖关子了——然后发生了什么事儿？

A number of measures were taken to alleviate the problem.
采取了一系列措施缓解这个问题。

The tasks had to be performed in a particular sequence.
这些任务必须按一定次序去执行。

I quit my job to travel nomadically, to work on Open Source and to conduct independent study/research.
我辞掉工作去做普通的旅行，从事开源工作，并进行独立的学习/研究。

Research on Work-in-Progress Control in Serial Production Logistics Systems
串行生产物流系统的在制品库存控制研究

The first part of the serial ended with a real cliffhanger.
这部连续剧的第一集以扣人心弦的悬念而告终。

He committed the crime under the influence of drugs.
他是在吸毒后犯罪的。

We all have our favorite editor ( along with our favorite keybindings) that we have come to know and love.
我们都有自己已逐渐了解并且喜爱的编辑器（以及我们喜爱的组合键）。

I've only got ten shares, Emmet, but you can't buy it from me at any price!
我只有十股，艾米特，不过，你出多高的价钱也甭想买去！

I feel something on his mind.
我感觉他有心事。

Present situation and developing prospect of artificial intelli-gence and fuzzy control in power system protection relay
人工智能与模糊控制在电力系统继电保护应用的研究现状及前景

Limited resources are restricting our capacity for developing new products.
有限的资源正制约着我们开发新产品的能力。

Two water tanks provide a total capacity of 400 litres.
两个水缸的总容量为400升。

They are just bringing up all their old rehashed claims with no prospect or vision for the future.
他们只不过是在老调重弹，提出的声明中没有对未来的展望或设想。

She has successfully combined a career and bringing up a family.
她成功地兼顾了事业和抚养子女。

They've taken some of the best bits out of the best things and rehashed them
他们从最好的东西中提取一些精华的部分，然后新瓶装旧酒。

She stuffed all her bits and pieces into a bag and left.
她把她零零碎碎的东西都塞进了一只包里就走了。

The museum was full of stuffed animals in glass cases.
博物馆的玻璃柜里摆满了动物标本。

It is one of the most desperate cases on her files.
这是她记录的档案中最严重的案例之一。

The desperate condition of the world is that madness has always been here, and that it will remain so for all time.
这个世界令人绝望的是，疯狂之事一直存在，而且将永远存在下去。

There may be a link between madness and creativity.
在疯狂和创造力之间也许有着某种联系。

Satisfactory completion of the course does not ensure you a job.
课程学习的圆满完成并不能保证你能得到工作。

The interpolation appears to have been inserted very soon after the original text was finished.
插补文字似乎是在原文完成后不久被补充进来的。

The economy is in danger of collapse unless far-reaching reforms are implemented.
如果不实施影响深远的改革，经济就面临崩溃的危险。

To study and put forward regulations and rules for anti-smuggling information and organize implementation accordingly.
研究提出缉私情报工作规章制度并组织实施。

Eventually, the new regulations will work to our advantage.
新规章制度最终将对我们有利。

She put forward some cogent reasons for abandoning the plan.
她为放弃这个计划提出了一些具有说服力的理由。

They were caught smuggling diamonds into the country.
他们走私钻石入境时被发现了。

We have a different background, a different history. Accordingly, we have the right to different futures
我们有不同的背景和不同的历史。因此，我们有权拥有不同的未来。

Eventually the search was called off.
搜查最后被取消了。

Their superior military strength gives them a huge advantage.
他们军事实力较强，占有巨大优势。

There is a reward for information leading to the recovery of the missing diamonds.
凡能为找回丢失的钻石提供线索者可获奖赏。

Congress needs to find the courage to allow Medicare to pay preferentially for treatments proven to be superior.
国会需要找到勇气去允许医疗保险优先支付被证明是优越的治疗。

Many experts advocate rewarding your child for good behaviour.
很多专家主张对小孩的良好表现加以奖励。

He advocates streaming children, and educating them according to their needs.
他提倡把学生按能力分班，因需施教。

An Explorative Research on Entrepreneurial Characteristics Based on Factor Analysis
基于因子分析的创业特质探索研究

He was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts
他渴望回到一个更多参与创业的角色，那样他所付出的努力会与自己的经济利益息息相关。

His stake has been held in escrow since the start of the year.
从年初开始，他的股份已经交由第三方暂时保管。

This kind of question often appears in the exam.
这类问题在考试中经常出现。

Let's assume for the sake of argument that we manage to build a satisfactory database
为了便于讨论，不妨假定我们成功地建立了一个令人满意的数据库。

In this example we have assumed a unit price of$ 10.
在这个例子中我们已假定单价为10元。

For goodness' sake, just use your common sense!
我的老天，你也凭常识想想！

Moore ascended the scaffold and addressed the executioner.
穆尔走上断头台，和刽子手说话。

The balloon ascended quickly.
气球上升得很快。

We watched the balloon riding high above the fields.
我们看着气球高高地飘浮在田野上空。

He was riding on a large black horse.
他骑在一匹高大的黑马上。

Please enclose a stamped addressed envelope to get your test results.
请附姓名地址邮资俱全的信封，以便把化验结果寄给你。

The table was decorated with gold inlay.
桌子装饰着黄金镶嵌的图案。

Design of Data Communication Module for the Shim Power Supply in NMR System
核磁共振波谱仪匀场电源数据通信模块设计

We don't have an endless supply of money, you know.
你要知道，我们没有取之不尽的资金供给。

I took down his comments in shorthand.
我用速记法把他的评论记录了下来。

An Access Control Scheme Based on Discrete Logarithms and Polynomial Interpolations
一种基于离散对数和多项式插值的访问控制方案

Date literals are always interpreted according to the English culture.
将总是依据英语区域性解释日期文本。

The way they interpreted their past was highly subjective.
他们解释其过去的方式太主观。

Everyone's opinion is bound to be subjective.
每个人的意见都必定是主观的。

Each exercise focuses on a different grammar point.
每个练习各有不同的语法重点。

The need to communicate is a key characteristic of human society.
需要交流是人类社会最重要的一个特征。

Computer Simulation of Cement Hydration with a Digital Image System(ⅱ)
数字图像系统水泥水化计算机模拟（Ⅱ）

May I just add that compat.
我想补充一点康帕特。

It is estimated the project will last four years.
据估计，这项工程将持续四年。

Meanwhile, my debts were mounting up.
同时，我的债务在不断增加。

Stern also studies and observes the behaviour of babies
斯特恩还研究观察婴儿的行为。

The police asked her to describe the robber.
警察叫她描述一下强盗的样子。

The dolphin is an intelligent animal.
海豚是聪明的动物。

This should be clear even to the meanest intelligence.
就是对智力最平庸的人来说，这也应当是非常明了的。

The number of late read completions per second.
每秒迟读完成数。

If needed, control over the parallelism is also done declaratively.
如果需要的话，对并行化进行控制也可以通过声明的做法。

It took two hours to bring the fire under control.
花了两个小时才控制住火势。

I think he exaggerates the parallelism between the two cases.
我认为他夸大了两件事的相似之处。

Influence and Thinking of Network Technology to Utilizing of Electronic Records
网格技术对电子文件利用的影响及思考

The population is increasing at about 6% per year.
人口以每年约6%的速度增加。

The entire manufacturing process has been automated.
整个生产过程已自动化。

Brainstorming is a good way of generating ideas.
集思广益是出主意的好办法。

As the flimsy constructs soared, the men paid out twine until the kites reached three or four thousand feet
随着这轻薄的东西向上飞升，这些人慢慢放出细绳，直到风筝飞到三四千英尺高。

The evidence against him is pretty flimsy.
对他不利的证据很难站住脚。

The building soared above us.
在我们眼前，那座大楼巍然高耸。

Look out for symptoms of depression.
留心看有无抑郁症状。

Be careful not to confuse quantity with quality.
注意不要把数量与质量混淆了。

Study on the experimental teaching reform of physical examination in diagnostics
《诊断学基础》中体格检查实验教学改革探讨

These reforms were in the best interests of local government.
这些改革对地方政府最有利。

If the note of D is sounded on a harp, all the corresponding D strings of other octaves will likewise resonate.
如果用竖琴演奏D音符，其他八度音阶所有相应的D弦都将发出共鸣。

He lent money, made donations and encouraged others to do likewise.
他又借钱又捐款捐物，并且鼓励别人也这样做。

She makes a simple story resonate with complex themes and emotions.
她使一部情节简单的小说充满了复杂的主题和情感。

He lost control of his emotions.
他情绪失去了控制。

The President was represented at the ceremony by the Vice-President.
副总统代表总统出席了这次庆典。

The ceremony lasted two hours and we had to stand throughout.
仪式进行了两个小时，我们自始至终都得站着。

You will first need to acquaint yourself with the filing system.
你首先需要熟悉文件归档方法。

Actually, I'll be a bit late home.
说真的，我回家会晚一点。

Girls do better on open-ended tasks that require them to think for themselves.
女孩子更擅长需要独立思考的开放式任务。

As a politician he has often courted controversy.
作为政治人物，他常常招致争议。

He has never courted popularity.
他从不追求名望。

You'll receive your book through the post
书会邮递给你。

Indicates a name specified as a remote computer name is syntactically invalid.
表示指定的远程计算机名语法错误。

I wanna go.
我想走。

'Is she supposed to work today?' — 'Nope, tomorrow.'
“今天她上班吗？”——“不，明天上。”

At this point the unwilling parent speaks up, "Alright ． Yes, I'll do it ．"
这时,不情愿的家长大声说："好吧,好吧,我来做。"

This is, of necessity, a brief and incomplete account.
这必然是一份简略的、不完全的描述。

Application of Tree Distribution Network Traversing Algorithm to Theoretical Line Loss Calculation
配电网树形网络遍历算法在理论线损计算中的应用

The first year provides students with a sound theoretical basis for later study.
第一年为学生以后的学习奠定坚实的理论基础。

She will be a great loss to the school.
她这一走对学校来说将是一个巨大的损失。

MegaFace's creators say it's the largest publicly available facial-recognition dataset out there.
“巨型面”的创建者说，它是目前最大的公共人脸识别数据集了。

State of Ast and Development of Cement Analysis and Test Technique
水泥分析检验技术的进展

I'll run a diagnostic test to see why the server keeps crashing.
我要做诊断测试，弄清为什么服务器总是不断地生故障。`

Carl sits in front of the computer terminal 40 hours a week
卡尔每周在电脑终端前坐40个小时

We've got stable labor, decreasing interest rates, low oil prices.
我们拥有稳定的劳力、不断降低的利率以及低廉的石油价格。

That wasn't even catchable!
那怎么接的住！

Neither of them had any idea how long the body had been entombed.
他们俩谁也不知道这具尸体被埋葬多久了。

You are in one place right now, the FAQ section.
这里就是一个寻找答案的地方。

Goldman analysts downgraded the region in November because of significant stock run-ups, signs of speculation and possible policy tightening to curb inflation.
11月份的时候，高盛分析师对中国股市进行了降级处理，因为重要的股票起伏不定，有消息称国家将出台政策抑制通货膨胀。

An understanding of accounting techniques is a major requisite for the work of the analysts.
懂得会计知识是从事分析员工作的一个必要条件。

She filled in the requisite paperwork.
她完成了必要的书面工作。

Oil speculation proved a natural arena for his skills.
在石油业中进行投机活动对他来说游刃有余。

It's only natural to worry about your children.
为孩子操心是很自然的。

The competitors cantered into the arena to conclude the closing ceremony.
选手们慢跑进入竞技场，为闭幕式画上了句号。

I concluded that the local parent company would not budge.
我得出结论：当地母方公司方面难以作出让步。

Both sides say they will not budge
双方都声称决不让步。

The company has lost a lot of business to its competitors.
公司的许多生意都被对手夺走了。

In the light of later events the decision was proved right.
从后来发生的事看，这一决定证明是正确的。

Pictures of road signs are matched with their Highway Code meanings.
道路标志图是同公用通道法规一致的。

The police are tightening up on under-age drinking.
警方正在采取更加严厉的措施对付未成年人饮酒的问题。

Press the return key to enter the information.
按回车键录入信息。

We need a free press to curb government excesses.
我们需要新闻自由来约束政府的越轨行为。

In addition, parents and teachers can help children by providing explicit instruction regarding the mind as a learning machine.
此外，家长和老师还可以提供明确的指导，帮助孩子把大脑视为一台学习机器。

I'm sorry if my advice offended you ─ I meant it for the best.
如果我的建议冒犯了你，我很抱歉——但我原本是出于好意的。

Well, we shall look forward to seeing him tomorrow
嗯，我们期待着明天与他会面。

Let's imagine that you live in a small home with a wireless security setup that offers a functional anti-jamming system.
让我们想象一下，你住在一个配有反阻断功能的无线安保系统的小房子里。

The treatment should be repeated every two to three hours.
这种治疗方法应该每隔两到三小时重复一次。

He was destined for a career in the Bank of England.
他注定要在英格兰银行开始职业生涯。

Glass and plastic objects lined the shelves.
架子上排列着玻璃和塑料制品。

Normative sexual behaviour in our society remains heterosexual.
我们社会标准的性行为仍旧是异性间的。

Scientists hope the work done in collaboration with other researchers may be duplicated elsewhere.
科学家们希望与其他研究人员合作的成果可以适用于别处。

The government worked in close collaboration with teachers on the new curriculum.
政府和教师就新的课程进行了紧密协作。

The answer to the problem must be sought elsewhere.
这个问题的答案必须在别处寻找。

Some feminists sought reforms within the existing social order.
一些女权主义者寻求在现存的社会制度内进行改革。

They proudly declared themselves part of a new autonomous province.
他们自豪地宣布成为新自治省的一部分。

Among the protesters and war veterans proudly displaying their medals was Aubrey Rose
在抗议者和骄傲地展示勋章的退伍老兵中，就有奥布里·罗斯。

The protesters marched in a body to the White House.
抗议者集体游行到白宫。

The course is essentially theoretical in orientation.
该课程的目标基本上是理论性的。

To a society which has lost its orientation he has much to offer
对于一个迷失了方向的社会，他能做的有很多。

He was a contented man.
他是个心满意足的人。

Stick with a straightforward chicken shish kebab and you cannot go wrong.
坚持一个简单的鸡肉烤羊肉串，你不能出错。

The towers are made of steel cased in granite.
这些塔楼是钢结构，花岗岩贴面。

Leave a space after the comma.
逗号后面要留一个空格。

When held to the light the small oblong leaves are seen to possess tiny perforations.
迎着光看时，就会发现椭圆形小叶子上有微小的孔眼。

She had always had a sneaking affection for him.
以前她一直暗暗倾心于他。

The utmost caution must be exercised when handling explosives.
处理爆炸品一定要慎之又慎。

Although tom's only an amateur he's a first-class player.
虽然汤姆只是个业余爱好者，但却是一流的高手。

I have a great affection for New York.
我很喜欢纽约。

I took regular supplements and exercised every day.
我每天都按时吃营养片并坚持锻炼。

A truck driver used his CB radio to call for help.
卡车司机用民用波段无线电呼救。

Chromium supplements were used successfully in the treatment of diabetes ( see Chapter 4)
铬补充剂被成功运用于治疗糖尿病（见第4章）。

People with high blood pressure are especially vulnerable to diabetes
有高血压的人尤其易患糖尿病。

It's a solution for us — getting birds to do the work is cheap and effective — and it could give vulnerable oaks and pines the option to truly "make like a tree and leave."
这对我们而言也是一种妤办法——让鸟儿做这项工作经济实惠又有效，这也给脆弱的橡树和松树一个选择，让它们可以真正地“像树一样离开”。

Many large oaks were felled during the war.
很多高大的橡树在战争中遭到了砍伐。

The pines bowed in the wind.
松树被风吹弯了。

If Apple is forced to write code that lets the F.B.I. get into the Phone 5c used by Syed Rizwan Farook, the male attacker in the San Bernardino attack, who would be responsible if some hacker got hold of that code and broke into its other devices?
如果苹果公司被迫编写代码让联邦调查局进入圣贝纳迪诺袭击者赛义德·里兹万·法鲁克用过的iPhone5c的话，如果某个黑客获取了这些代码、用来入侵其他设备，那谁来负责呢?

The bank plans various extensions to its credit facilities.
银行计划多方扩展信贷服务。

Do you have the relevant experience?
你有相关的经历吗？

Workers at the nuclear plant were exposed to high doses of radiation.
核电站的工作人员受到大量辐射。

There has been a move away from nuclear energy.
人们对于原子能的看法已经转变。

Large supplemental doses of vitamin E can slightly raise blood pressure.
大剂量补充维生素E可能会造成血压偏高。

Vitamin deficiency in the diet can cause illness.
饮食中缺乏维生素可能导致疾病。

There's too much starch in your diet.
你的日常饮食中淀粉含量太高。

The secondary current sets up a magnetic field inside the tube
二次电流在管子内部会产生磁场。

I work in the extruded tube business.
我做挤压管生意。

Lava is extruded from the volcano.
熔岩从火山中喷出。

An active volcano may erupt at any time.
活火山会随时喷发。

An immense volume of rocks and molten lava was erupted.
大量岩石和熔岩喷发出来。

The unrest erupted into revolution.
动乱爆发为革命。

The movie is set at the time of the Russian revolution.
这部电影以俄国革命时期为背景。

The government failed to stifle the unrest.
政府没有制止住动乱。

State bureaucracies can tend to stifle enterprise and initiative.
国家的官僚体制往往会扼杀人们的事业心和积极性。

The government now hopes to seize the initiative on education.
如今政府希望抓住教育上的主动权。

Good financial accounts are vital to the success of any enterprise.
妥善的财务账目对任何公司的成功都是极其重要的。

New technology has enabled development of an online 'virtual library'.
新技术已经使在线“虚拟图书馆”的发展成为可能。

We are not in this to reap immense financial rewards.
我们从事这一行不是为了获得巨大的经济回报。

It was good to see her finally reaping the benefits of all her hard work.
看到她终于收获辛勤劳动的成果令人欣慰。

They enjoy participating in a wide variety of activities, both locally and further afield
他们乐于参与本地及外地的各种活动。

Journalists came from as far afield as China.
新闻记者来自中国等遥远的地方。

Most of the monkeys' food is found at ground level.
猴子的食物大多可在地面找到。

The new degree and the existing certificate courses would run in parallel.
新的学位课程和现有的证书课程将并行开设。

Changes in farming methods have badly affected employment in the area.
耕作方法的改变严重影响了这个地区的就业。

An Approach to Semantic Incompatibilities and Attribute Value Conflict Resolution in Database Integration
数据库集成系统中数据语义和属性不一致问题的解决方法

Study on the River Water Quality Model QUASAR
浅析QUASAR河流综合水质模型

They duly arrived at 9.30 in spite of torrential rain.
尽管下着倾盆大雨，他们仍在9:30准时到达了。

In spite of his age, he still leads an active life.
尽管年事已高，他依旧过着一种忙碌的生活。

The game was cancelled owing to torrential rain.
比赛因大雨取消了。

She hit him on the head with her umbrella.
她用雨伞打他的头。

On his retirement, colleagues presented him with a set of golf clubs.
在他退休之际，同事们赠给他一套高尔夫球杆。

Individuals can reduce their contribution by creating less waste at the start — for instance, buying reusable products and recycling.
人们可以通过减少制造废物来降低自身的影响，比如购买可重复使用的产品和循环利用。

He made a very positive contribution to the success of the project.
他对项目的成功贡献良多。

There are a number of improvements; for instance, both mouse buttons can now be used
在许多地方有了改进，例如，鼠标的左右键都可以使用了。

Electrons or any other "particle" should display wave properties to preserve the complementary wave-particle symmetry of nature.
电子及其他任何粒子都应该显示波的性质，才能体现自然界波粒互补的对称性。

Classical dance in its purest form requires symmetry and balance.
真正的古典舞蹈要求对称与平衡。

The very purest form of waiting is the Watched-Pot Wait ．
最纯粹的等待一种等待就是傻等。

I can't remember the combination.
我不记得密码锁的数码组合了。

Leaf veins distribute food and water throughout the leaf.
叶脉把养料和水分分配给整张叶子。

You get an A grade for scores of 75 and over.
75分及75以上的分数就是优等。

Students learned the practical application of the theory they had learned in the classroom
学生们学会了将课堂上学到的理论付诸实际应用。

Basketball is his consuming passion.
篮球令他着迷。

Their passion was reignited by a romantic trip to Venice.
去威尼斯的浪漫之旅重新燃起了他们的激情。

The President stressed a favourite campaign theme ─ greater emphasis on education.
总统强调了最喜欢的竞选主题——加大教育投入。

The economic crisis reflects badly on the government's policies.
经济危机反映出政府政策不如人意的一面。

There is no easily visualizable mode that can explain its origin properly.
没有一个容易想象的模型可以适当地解释它的起源。

Help to conserve energy by insulating your home.
对房屋做隔热处理来帮助节约能源。

It is important to conserve energy.
节能十分重要。

Instantiate creates a new key of a specified type.
instantiate创建指定类型的一个新密钥。

There is no certainty that the president's removal would end the civil war.
总统的下台是否会结束内战现在还很难说。

The medicine did not achieve the desired effect.
这种药未达到预期效果。

Such measures are desirable, if not essential.
这些措施即使不是必要，也是可取的。

How many times is a key object being instantiated?
一个关键的对象实例化的时间是多少？

The figures for 2001 were used as a baseline for the study.
这项研究以2001年的数据为基础。

The community depends on the shipping industry for its survival.
这个地区靠航运业维持生活。

I added a dollop of vanilla ice-cream to the pie.
我在馅饼里加了一块香草冰激凌。

A dollop of romance now and then is good for everybody.
时而来点儿浪漫对每个人都有好处。

Women's apparel is offered in petite, regular, and tall models.
出售的女装有小号、中号和大号。

He specializes in translation from Danish into English.
他专门从事把丹麦文译成英文的工作。

Articles devoid of substance are the least justifiable and the most objectionable.
最不应该、最要反对的是言之无物的文章。

Why are you being so objectionable today?
你今天怎么这么别扭？

He is devoid of common sense.; He lacks common sense.
他缺乏常识。

his substance should not come into contact with food.
这种物质切莫与食物接触。

There is a trade-off between the benefits of the drug and the risk of side effects.
在这种药的疗效和副作用之间有个权衡利弊的问题。

These are people who tend to externalize blame when anything goes wrong at work.
这是些工作中一出现问题就往往归诸外因的人。

It's not good enough just to blame the unruly children.
对难管教的孩子只是责备是不够的。

The company maintains a high degree of liquidity.
公司保持着很高的资产折现度。

You must play a spade if you have one.
你如果有黑桃牌，就必须打出来。

I never thought somebody would say "nigger."
我想不会有人再说“黑鬼”

Today he was able to focus his message exclusively on the economy
今天他得以将主题全部集中在经济方面。

This could cause serious damage to the country's economy.
这可能对国家的经济造成严重破坏。

What will the cities of the future look like?
未来的城市会是什么样子呢？

These results are a further proof of his outstanding ability.
这些成果进一步证明了他的杰出才干。

He's known to be an outstanding physicist.
他被公认为杰出的物理学家。

We think you are being overly optimistic.
我们认为你过于乐观了。

He has a simplistic view of the treatment of eczema
他对湿疹治疗的看法过于简单化。

Eczema is a common skin complaint which often runs in families.
湿疹是一种常见的皮肤病，通常具遗传性。

It is a formula that worked very well indeed
这的确是一套很管用的方案。

Our jobs overlap slightly, which sometimes causes difficulties.
我们的工作略有重叠，所以有时引起一些困难。

You could see bare wood where the paint had flaked off.
油漆剥落处可以看见光秃秃的木头。

You can hear the saw as it cuts through the bones.
你能听到锯子锯进骨头里的声音。

We must make the most efficient use of the available financial resources.
我们必须最有效地利用现有财力。

Structured teaching facilitates learning.
有条理的教导有利于学习。

The local economy is overwhelmingly dependent on oil and gas extraction
当地经济过于依赖石油和天然气的开采。

They voted overwhelmingly against the proposal.
他们以压倒多数票反对这项提案。

Design of Control Module in Synthetic Experimental System of Gas Hydrates Simulation
天然气水合物综合模拟实验系统中的高压控制

Bureaucracy may be said as a disease in our very vitals.
官僚主义可说是我们的心腹之患。

The results of a recent experiment showed that professors can use standardized metrics to measure how well students do in three key areas: critical thinking, written communication, and quantitative literacy.
最近的实验结果显示，教授们可以使用标准化的度量来检测学生们在三个关键领域的表现:批判性思维、书面交流及可量化的读写能力。

Although the approximate wave function is qualitatively useful, it is gravely lacking in quantitative accuracy.
虽然近似的波函数是定性地有用，然而它严重的缺少定量的准确性。

By about 6 weeks of age, most babies begin to show something approximating a day/ night sleeping pattern.
到6个星期大时，大多数婴儿开始表现出近似于日夜分明的睡觉模式。

A typically priced meal will be around$ 10.
一餐通常的价格为10元左右。

Two High Application of XML Serializing
两个XML串行化的高级应用

Rhythm and blues mutated into rock and roll.
节奏布鲁斯演变成为摇滚乐。

The first assignment of higher school is concatenation improve teaching quality.
高等学校的第一要务是不断提高教学质量。

You should bear in mind the correct pronunciation of the words while learning English.
学习英语的时候你要记住单词的正确发音。

We followed the bear's tracks in the snow.
我们跟着熊在雪地上留下的足迹走。

With these students it's pronunciation that's the problem.
对这些学生来说，成问题的是发音。

The subjects of the curriculum form a coherent whole.
课程中的科目构成了一个连贯的整体。

Students will normally take four or five AS subjects.
学生通常要选四门或五门高级证书辅助考试学科。

The most competent adults are those who know how to do this.
最有能力的成年人是那些知道怎么做的人。

Doctors say that she probably won't last out the night.
医生都说她很可能活不过今晚。

Under the terms of the lease, you have to pay maintenance charges.
按租约的条款，你得支付维修费。

The ecosystem will be thrown out of whack.
生态系统将会失去平衡。

He gave the ball a good whack.
他猛击了一下球。

Inevitably she took out her frustrations on the children.
她不可避免地把气出在孩子们身上。

Among most bitter stories in The Great Divide were those that portrayed the frustrations of the young, who long to enter our shrinking middle class.
在《巨大的分歧》中,那些描绘年轻人的挫折的故事最为痛苦,他们渴望进入我们日益萎缩的中产阶级。

He seemed more content, less bitter.
他看起来比较满意，不那么失望。

The results can be divided into three main categories.
结果可分为三大类。

It is hard work and not a glamorous job as portrayed by the media.
这是份苦差，并非像媒体描绘的那般令人向往。

The fact that public parks in cities become crowded as soon as the sun shines proves that people long to breathe in green, open spaces.
事实证明,城市里的公共公园一有阳光就变得拥挤不堪,人们渴望在绿色、开放的空间里呼吸。

This proves I was right.
这证明我是对的。

Shrinking economies mean falling tax revenues and more government debt.
经济收缩意味着税收的减少和政府债务的增加。

However much you try to dress it up, office work is not glamorous.
无论你怎样夸饰，办公室工作都不令人向往。

The company's annual revenues rose by 30%.
公司的年收入增加了30%。

I'll need to iron that dress before I can wear it.
我得先把那件连衣裙烫平再穿。

How much is the annual ground rent?
每年的地租是多少？

Many soldiers were listed as missing in action.
许多士兵都被列在战斗失踪人员名单上。

The job entails a lot of hard work.
这工作需要十分艰苦的努力。

Such decisions are normally the province of higher management.
这类决定一般属于高层管理的职责范围。

Despite strong opposition, the ruling party carried the day.
尽管遭到强烈反对，执政党还是获胜了。

The court will make its ruling on the case next week.
法庭下周将对本案件作出裁决。

They rolled about on the Gilligan Road, simulating a bloodthirsty fight
他们在吉利根路上翻滚，模拟一场暴力厮杀。

Distributed Active Service Frameworks Based on the Active Service Node
基于主动服务结点的分布式主动服务框架

That young writer churns out about three to four new books every year.
那位年青作家每年能赶写出三四部新书。

We need double the amount we already have.
我们需要现有数量的两倍。

It is not the dark place that hinders, but the dim eye.
看不清东西，不是因为它在阴暗处，而是因为其视力不好。

Even in the dim light the equipment looked old and time-worn
即便在昏暗的光线下，那台设备也显得陈旧不堪。

One of the bullets passed through Andrea's chest before embedding itself in a wall.
其中一颗子弹射穿了安德烈亚的胸部，打入一面墙中。

One of the bullets lodged in his chest.
有一颗子弹嵌在了他的胸部。

The theory does not apply universally.
这个理论并非放之四海而皆准。

In the meanwhile, also protect nature in protecting yourself.
在保护大自然的同时，也是在保护你自己。

The base of the lamp unscrews for wiring and mounting.
台灯的底座可以拧开来进行布线和安装。

The first 24 hours after the operation are the most critical.
病人手术后头24小时是最危险的。

The greatest challenge for the Americans is understanding the mindset of Eastern Europeans
对于美国人来说，最大的挑战在于理解东欧人的思维方式。

They're restructuring and slimming down the workforce.
他们正对职工加以重组和裁减。

My slimming attempts tend to go in fits and starts
我的瘦身运动总是三天打鱼两天晒网。

The total was close to 20% of the workforce.
总数接近劳动力的20%。

He had us all in fits with his jokes.
他的笑话使我们都笑得前仰后合。

Take filling up the kitchen sink as an example ．
以填满厨房水槽为例。

There were several gaps in my education.
我受的教育有好多欠缺之处。

The knife fell from her nerveless fingers.
刀从她无力的手里落下。

He got his fingers caught in the door.
他的手指给门夹了。

I will come provided I have the time.
假如有空，我一定来。

Presumably this is where the accident happened.
这大概就是事故现场。

The tactics employed can range from overt bullying to subtle emotional blackmail.
从公然威吓到微妙的情感胁迫，各种战术都用上了。

She started off by accusing him of blackmail but he more or less ignored her
她先是指控他勒索，但他几乎不理睬她。

He was accusing my mum of having an affair with another man
他指责我妈妈与另一个男人有染。

For many, there is a more or less unwritten code here.
对多数人来说，这里或多或少有个约定俗成的文法。

Without unwritten rules civilized life would be impossible.
没有不成文的规章，就不会有文明生活。

September was a long way off.
那时离九月份还有很长一段时间。

Lay off bullying Jack.
别再欺负杰克。

They did not sell a single car for a month and had to lay off workers.
一个月来一辆汽车都卖不出去，他们只好裁员。

Advertisements attempt to project a latent meaning behind an overt message.
广告的意图是以公开的信息传达隐含之意。

These children have a huge reserve of latent talent.
这些孩子蕴藏着极大的潜在天赋。

The new proposal would create a reserve pool of cash.
这项新的提议将建立一个现金储备基金。

The pool had dried up and was full of bracken and reeds.
水塘已经干涸，里面都是欧洲蕨和芦苇。

The whole lake was rimmed with thick beds of reeds.
整片湖都被密密层层的芦苇围了起来。

With this end in view they employed 50 new staff.
为了达到这个目标他们雇用了50名新职员。

This was just the latest in a series of delaying tactics.
这只是一系列拖延战术中的一个新花招。

The Disk Druid tool is available only during the installation phase.
Disk Druid(德鲁伊)工具只能在安装阶段使用。

The investigation has entered a new phase.
调查已进入新阶段。

Gravity governs the motions of celestial bodies.
万有引力控制着天体的运动

Anything with strong gravity attracts other things to it.
任何有较强重力的物体都会对其他物体产生引力。

In the United States the majority governs in the name of the people
在美国，多数派代表民众执政。

The following extract is taken from her new novel.
下面一段摘自她的新小说。

The festival attracts people from a wide area.
这个艺术节吸引了四面八方的人。

The festival is traditionally held in May.
这个节日按照传统是在五月份过的。

West said, "I was inspired while watching a television program showing how sleds might have helped with pyramid construction. I thought, ‘ Why don't they just try rolling the things?"
韦斯特说："我是在看一个电视节目时受到启发的,这个节目展示了雪橇是如何帮助金字塔建设的。我想,他们为什么不试着把东西滚起来呢?’"

Many scientists suspect workers first would have put the blocks on sleds.
许多科学家猜测,工人们首先是把积木放在了雪橇上。

There rose before us the great pyramid of Gaza
雄伟的加沙金字塔矗立在我们面前

Single words are the building blocks of language.
单词是语言结构的基本单位。

They had failed to recognise signs on their instrument panel indicating a serious problem in the left engine.
他们没有意识到仪表板上的指示信号表明左引擎出现了严重问题。

An instrument called a trocar makes a puncture in the abdominal wall.
一种叫做套管针的工具在腹壁上刺了一个孔。

I had a sense of d é j à-vu because I could recognise everything in London.
我有一种似曾相识的感觉，因为我能认出伦敦的一切。

She was advised to have an abdominal X-ray.
她被建议拍一张腹部的X光片。

Study on extensible enterprise model for enterprise application system
面向企业应用系统的可扩展的企业模型研究

We can measure the volume of something.
我们可以用测量法求得某物的体积。

Study on the Revocable Mechanism of the Resolution of the General Shareholders' Meeting
股东大会决议撤销之诉法律问题研究

We will be forwarding you our new catalogue next week.
我们将于下星期给你寄上新的商品目录。

Mechanics provides us with meaningful and readily visualizable examples.
力学为我们提供了许多有意义而又形象的例子。

This government is committed to extending parental choice in education.
本届政府承诺扩大父母在教育方面的选择权。

Teenagers often revolt against parental discipline.
青少年常常不遵从父母的条条框框。

Finally the people revolted against the military dictatorship.
人民最终起来反抗军事独裁。

Engineering and technology are disciplines distinct from one another and from science
工程学和工艺学互不相同，也有别于自然学科。

Once it had decided on a cease-fire out of military necessity, it was ready to extract the maximum aid from us.
一旦它出于军事的需要决定停火时，它就准备从我们那里最大限度地榨取援助。

The two sides agreed on a cease-fire.
双方达成停火协议。

He ordered his men to cease fire.
他命令手下停止射击。

There had never been any necessity for her to go out to work.
她从来就没有出去工作的必要。

He portrays the psyche as poly-centric.
在他的描绘中精神是多中心的。

A Study of Poly-centric Governance Model in Shanghai District Employment Market
上海市区域人才市场多中心治理模式探讨

They believe that a fundamental change in the governance of Britain is the key to all other necessary changes.
他们认为从根本上改变英国的统治方式是促成其他所有必要变革的关键所在。

She spent her life plumbing the mysteries of the human psyche.
她毕生探索人类心灵的奥秘。

The district is under consideration for designation as a conservation area.
正在考虑将这个地区指定为保护区。

It's time to give serious consideration to this matter.
到了认真考虑这一问题的时候了。

Science can penetrate many of nature's mysteries.
科学能揭示自然界的许多奥秘。

The sun's rays can penetrate water up to 10 feet.
太阳的光线可以穿透到10英尺深的水下。

Water is not an effective shield against the sun's more harmful rays.
水不能有效阻挡太阳中更有害的射线。

Tears help to protect the eye from potentially harmful foreign bodies.
眼泪有助于保护眼睛去除可能有害的异物。

Many household products are potentially harmful.
很多家用产品有潜在的害处。

The hostages were used as a human shield.
人质被当成了人体盾牌。

Television is an effective means of communication.
电视是一种有效的通信手段。

She learned the rudiments of brick-laying, wiring and plumbing.
她学习了砌砖、布线和管道工程的基本知识。

The builders had cut holes into the soft stone to support the ends of the beams.
建筑工人在软石上挖了洞以支撑梁端。

He has just learned the rudiments of Chinese.
他学汉语刚刚入门。

The school is built of brick.
那所学校是用砖建造的。

If you're laying tiles, the floor will need to be levelled first.
你如果要铺瓷砖，得先整平地面。

The aircraft levelled out at about 30,000 feet.
飞机在大约3万英尺的高度进入水平飞行。

The paper had to publish a correction to the story.
这家报纸不得不对这则新闻报道发一个更正。

Study of land use's land scape spatial structure in Jinan City
济南城市用地景观要素空间结构研究

A proportion of the land is used for agriculture.
一部分土地作农用。

The government's policies have the most significant impact on agriculture
政府的政策对农业的影响最为显著

They had nowhere to stay so I couldn't turn them away.
他们无处安身，所以我不能把他们打发走。

One is also able to see how specific acts are related to a temporal and spatial context
人们也能看出具体行为是如何与时空相关联的。

The present world crisis should in principle be analysed from different temporal perspectives.
原则上说来，目前的世界危机应该从不同的时间角度加以分析。

You can deal with it flexibly as you see fit.
你可以根据情况机动灵活地处置。

Three of her novels have been adapted for television.
她的长篇小说中有三部已改编成电视节目。

The work must be completed within a certain period of time
这项工作必须在一定期限内完成

He is more didactic in his approach to the learning process.
他在教学过程中侧重于灌输。

They emphasised that their equipment was for peaceful and not military purposes.
他们强调他们的设备用于和平而非战争目的。

As Mr Blunkett emphasised, nothing is yet set in concrete.
正如布伦基特先生所强调的，一切都还没有定下来。

Wait for the concrete to go hard.
等待混凝土凝结。

No matter how attractive they look in the store, once I get them home they're unfailingly dry, hard, and tasteless.
不管他们在商店里看起来有多吸引人,一旦我把他们带回家,他们就永远是干的,硬的,无味的。

The two hotel-restaurants are attractive bases from which to explore southeast Tuscany
对于去托斯卡纳东南部探险的人们来说，这两家酒店是很有吸引力的驻扎地。

They don't last long no matter how careful you are.
不管你如何仔细，他们都维持不了很久。

Troops are operating from bases in the north.
部队正从北部基地发动军事行动。

We will explore every avenue until we find an answer.
我们要探索一切途径，直到找到答案为止。

The avenue had never been paved, and deep mud made it impassable in winter.
这条大街从未铺过路面，冬天泥泞不堪，无法通行。

Operating systems can be brought to a halt by a Trojan Horse.
操作系统可能会因为木马病毒的攻击而中止。

They have a second home in Tuscany.
他们在托斯卡纳还有一个家。

All right, we'll take six tacos.
好的，我们要六个玉米豆卷。

Engineers carried out a thorough inspection of the track.
工程师对轨道进行了彻底检查。

Parents told us that we would study from others in a modest attitude.
父母叮嘱我们要以谦虚的态度向别人学习。

Detectives carried out a thorough search of the building.
侦探对那栋大楼进行了彻底的搜查。

The thieves must have deliberately triggered the alarm and hidden inside the house
盗贼肯定是故意触发了报警器，然后躲在房子里。

Watch your bag ─ there are thieves around.
小心你的提包，这里有小偷。

He deliberately misled us about the nature of their relationship.
关于他们究竟是什么关系，他故意给我们留下错误印象。

The current recession was triggered by a slump in consumer spending
目前的经济衰退是由消费支出骤跌引起的。

The government has placed a cap on local council spending.
政府给地方议会的经费支出规定了最高限额。

Perhaps I misled you, but it was quite unintentional.
也许我误导了你，但那绝不是有意的。

The paper's circulation has slumped to 90 000.
此报纸的发行量骤减至9万份。

Regular exercise will improve blood circulation.
经常锻炼会促进血液循环。

She tucked her hair under her cap.
她把头发拢起来塞进帽子里。

Recently the reactivity of nitric esters in the presence of hydrazine has been investigated.
人们近来研究了有肼存在时硝酸酯的反应性。

He's become the target for a lot of criticism recently.
他最近成了众矢之的。

The government's economic policies have come in for a lot of criticism.
政府的经济政策遭到了很多批评。

When nitric acid is poured on copper, a Brown vapour gives off.
将硝酸倒在铜上，会散发出一种棕色的蒸气。

The concentration of acid in vomitus or aspirate need not reach this limit.
呕吐物或吸引液内酸的浓度不需要达到这一程度。

What is the concentration of salt in sea water?
海水含盐的浓度是多少？

What is the chemical symbol for copper?
铜的化学符号是什么？

Water vapour condenses to form clouds
水蒸气凝结形成云。

The sun gives off light and heat.
太阳发出光和热。

The compressed gas is cooled and condenses into a liquid
压缩气体经冷却凝结成液态。

The cooled solution is then treated at18 ℃ with yeast.
然后将冷却的溶液在18℃用酵母处理。

Does he find his new celebrity intruding on his private life?
他是否感觉到他最近的成名侵扰了他的私生活？

I couldn't resist the opportunity to meet a real live celebrity.
我忍不住要一睹名人的风采。

Hitherto, the main emphasis has been on the need to resist aggression
迄今为止，一直重点强调的是要抵抗侵略。

The new bosses were condemned as 'too lower class'.
这些新头头被指责为“层次太低”。

While can you imagine how worried and self-condemned they are after that?
然而你能够想象在那之后他们是多么担心，多么自责吗？

It was like a line formed to become an asshole.
但最后却成了一场噩梦。

This season's fashions focus on warm tones and soft lines.
本季时装主要流行暖色调和柔和线条。

A spectrum is formed by a ray of light passing through a prism.
一束光通过棱镜就会形成光谱。

Note that Apple's public opposition to the government's request is itself a hindrance to mass government intrusion.
需要注意的是，苹果公开拒绝政府的要求，本身就是对政府大规模入侵的一种阻碍。

They were able to complete their journey without further hindrance.
剩下的旅程他们没再受到阻碍。

Mass movements are often a factor in the awakening and renovation of stagnant societies.
群众性运动经常是能唤醒和振兴停滞不前的社会的一个因素。

During this renovation the building's owners, CIS, consulted the solar panel company, Solar century.
在这次翻新期间，大楼的所有者CIS公司咨询了太阳能电池板公司Solar century。

The name has come down from the last century.
这名称是从上个世纪流传下来的。

Have you consulted your lawyer about this?
你就此事咨询过你的律师吗？

The final solar convulsions will wipe out all life on the planet.
太阳的最后灾变将把地球上的一切生命消灭干净。

Can you give the table a quick wipe?
你快点把桌子擦一下行吗？

The orientation of the planet's orbit is changing continuously.
该行星轨道的方向不断变化。

He has lived and worked in France almost continuously since 1990.
自从1990年以来，他差不多一直在法国居住和工作。

It's worth making an appointment before you go.
去之前预约一下是值得的。

In real life, nobody was all bad, nor, conversely, all good.
在现实生活中，没有彻头彻尾的坏人，相反地，也没有完完全全的好人。

Chinese customs inevitably intercepts any order to our customers
中国海关不可避免的会截住任何单子

Sorry, the subscriber is power-off.
对不起，您呼叫的用户没有开机。

The tour of Edinburgh is fully subscribed.
去爱丁堡旅游的名额已经满了。

She deals with all the correspondence promptly and efficiently.
她迅速有效地处理全部来往信件。

We kept up a correspondence for many years.
我们保持了很多年的通信联系。

The results take a main result of Tada and Takahashi as special cases.
Tada和Takahashi论文中的一个主要结果仅是此章定理的一种特殊情况。

She sold her car and bought a piano with the proceeds.
她卖掉了汽车，然后用这笔收入买了一架钢琴。

Within minutes the whole building was blazing.
不消几分钟整个大楼便成了一片火海。

That code finds the permanent url, also called a permalink, for the cause.
代码会为之寻找永久url，也称为permalink。

We sailed into the bay and dropped anchor in five fathoms of water.
我们驶进海湾，将锚抛进5英寻深的水里。

The ship sank in 20 fathoms.
船沉在水下20英寻处。

The rescue helicopter made another sweep over the bay.
救援直升机在海湾上空又搜索了一遍。

Give the room a good sweep.
把房间好好打扫一下。

A helicopter was scrambled to help rescue three young climbers.
直升机接到命令，紧急起飞前去营救三个登山的年轻人。

Sometimes rock climbers leave rubbish on the mountains where they climb.
有时攀岩者会在他们攀登的山上留下垃圾。

Most people said that pay was their main motivation for working.
大多数人说赚取报酬是他们工作的主要动机。

He's been unbearable since he won that prize.
他得奖以后变得很难相与。

I feel hopeful that we'll find a suitable house very soon.
我对很快找到合适的房子抱有希望。

Games and kiosk applications may use heavy application theming to achieve an immersive experience.
游戏和凉亭应用程序可以使用重度的应用程序主题来达到一个沉浸式的体验效果。

The college's aim is to help students achieve their aspirations.
大学的目标是帮助学生实现他们的抱负。

Research on User Experience of Immersive Web Navigation Design
浅谈沉浸式网页导航设计的用户体验

This project fully leverages the potential benefits of global collaboration.
该项目充分利用了全球合作的潜在优势。

He's only 17 and therefore not eligible to vote.
他只有17岁，因此没有投票选举的资格。

Only those over 70 are eligible for the special payment.
只有70岁以上的人才有资格领取这项专款。

Manufacturers are working on a new generation of cheaper digital radios.
制造商正在研制价格更便宜的新一代数字收音机。

It also decouples the business process from the the source of the information.
它还可以在业务处理和信息源间实现解耦合。

They cut prices drastically to try and shift stock.
他们大幅度降价，试图销出存货。

He reacted strongly against the artistic conventions of his time.
他强烈反对当时的艺术俗套。

Artistic and intellectual people tend towards left-wing views.
搞艺术的人和知识分子容易持“左倾”观点。

Some Americans see Oxford as an intellectual Disneyland.
一些美国人把牛津视为知识分子的乐园。

The new theme park will be Britain's answer to Disneyland.
英国新的主题乐园可与迪斯尼乐园媲美。

The eagle can soar without flapping their wings.
老鹰无需振翼就能翱翔。

He took a step towards the door.
他朝门口迈了一步。

She said nothing, preferring instead to save her comments till later.
她什么也没说，而是想稍后再作评论。

The market reacted by falling a further two points.
股市的反应是再下跌两个百分点。

Research on Mass Customization Operation Management System Based on Chain Management
基于链管理的大规模定制运营管理系统研究

He struggled to retain control of the situation.
他曾努力保持对局势的控制。

She struggled to free herself.
她挣扎着以求脱身。

Someone had slashed the tyres on my car.
有人把我的汽车轮胎割破了。

I need to put some air in my tyres.
我需要给我的轮胎打些气。

Study in Intelligent Web Courseware Authoring Model System Based on XML
基于XML的智能化Web课件制作模板系统的研究

The analogue signals from the video tape are converted into digital code.
采自该录像带的模拟信号被转换成数字代码。

No conversion from analogue to digital data is needed.
没有必要把模拟转换为数字数据。

Control the inbound and outbound process according to system documents.
按照程序文件规定管理物料入、出库。

You'll find his office just along the corridor.
沿着走廊你就可以找到他的办公室。

We have unrestricted access to all the facilities.
我们可随意使用一切设施。

Students should take full advantage of the university's facilities.
学生应该充分利用大学的设施。

The group was considered to be a risk to national security.
这伙人被认为是威胁国家安全的危险分子。

To each of these domains there corresponds a generator and to each cross-over there corresponds a relator.
这些区域中的每一个对应于一个生成元，而每个交叉点对应于一个关系子。

I glanced back.
我回头一瞥。

The average dark current is often eliminated by means of a zeroing circuit.
平均暗电流常利用调零电路消除。

The switches close the contacts and complete the circuit.
这些开关可接通形成闭合电路。

I need contacts that could help in finding a job.
我需要能帮我找到工作的社会关系。

A sentence can be divided up into meaningful segments.
一个句子可以划分成有意义的各个部分。

An intriguing variant to pipelines would be to carry the water using the existing system of canals
除用管道外，利用现有的运河系统来输送水也很值得一试。

These discoveries raise intriguing questions.
这些发现带来了非常有趣的问题。

Put a lid on to prevent heat escaping.
盖上盖子，以免热气跑了。

She turned the key and the lid sprang open.
她一拧钥匙，盖子啪地打开了。

Thomas was playing in a little fenced area full of sand.
托马斯在一小块围起来的满是沙子的地上玩耍。

As a general rule, all muscular effort is enhanced by breathing in as the effort is made
通常，肌肉的力量能通过使劲儿吸气增强。

Construction of Sequences with Zero Correlation Zone Based on Interleaved Technique
零相关区序列的交织构造

Even the Harvard study did not prove a direct correlation but noted strong associations between exposure and risk of behavioral issues.
哈佛大学的研究也并未证明两者之间有直接相关性,但是接触这些化学物质与行为问题的产生有着密切的联系。

Transposable elements, or insertion elements, are DNA sequences which can be inserted into many different sites in chromosomes.
转位因子或插入因子是能够插入到染色体不同位点的dna序列。

Each cell of our bodies contains 46 chromosomes.
我们人体的每个细胞都包含46个染色体。

An examination is carried out before the insertion of the tube.
插入导管前先要进行检查。

The maintenance programme will additionally seek to keep the sites free of graffiti.
这个维护方案还会试图保护这些地点不被涂鸦。

He will sign a personal guarantee to additionally secure the loan.
他将签订一个个人担保，以此为贷款多加一层保障。

The dash is longer than the hyphen.
破折号比连字符稍长点。

There were fears that privatization would lead to job losses.
人们担心私有化会导致失业。

There is a mismatch between the skills offered by people and the skills needed by industry.
行业需要的技术与人们可以提供的技能并不匹配。

The first part of the plan has been safely accomplished.
计划的第一部分已顺利完成。

He hoisted himself onto a high stool.
他抬身坐上了一张高凳子。

His family insisted he should be given a proper burial.
他的家人坚持要为他举行适当的葬礼。

The Government has insisted that confidence is needed before the economy can improve.
政府坚持认为只有坚定信心经济才会有起色。

We need to challenge some of the basic assumptions of Western philosophy.
我们有必要向西方哲学的某些基本假设提出质疑。

That was the clue which clinched it for us.
就是那个线索帮我们最终解决了问题。

Not Misty. Take her for a walk, and she had no interest in Joe's blood counts or bone marrow test results.
外面没有起雾，于是我带她去散步。但是她对乔的血细胞计数和骨髓检测结果都不感兴趣。

The cold, misty air felt wonderful on his face
雾蒙蒙的寒冷空气使他脸上感觉很舒爽。

There are 2,000 children worldwide who need a bone marrow transplant.
全世界有2,000名儿童需要骨髓移植。

These new friends of hers are supposed to be very rich.
她的这些新朋友想必都很富有。

The two friends shared everything ─ they had no secrets.
这一对朋友无话不谈——彼此之间毫无秘密。

Indifference is also the preferred option among those who are socially lazy.
对于怠于社交的人来说，保持冷漠也不失为首选。

She hid her true feelings behind a shield of cold indifference.
她把自己的真实感情掩藏在一副冷漠的外表后面。

I never hid the truth, least of all from you.
我从不隐瞒事实，尤其是对你。

I can boot up from a floppy disk, but that's all
我可以用一张软盘来启动，但其他的就无能为力了。

Omit the salt in this recipe
省略菜谱中放盐这一步。

You can use milk in place of cream in this recipe.
这道食谱可以用牛奶代替奶油。

The government has been accused of not responding appropriately to the needs of the homeless.
政府未采取恰当的措施回应无家可归者的需要，为此已受到谴责。

Greens and browns are typical of Ribera's palette.
绿色和棕色是里贝拉的主色调。

Your Intro account is now set at the Free level.
你的帐户介绍，现在订于自由的水平。

The preface gives an overview of the book's contents.
序言对全书内容作了一个概述。

The way she puts on that accent really irritates me.
她故意操那种口音的样子实在令我恼火。

Objective: To study the stability of CTX made in three factory.
目的：考察不同厂家头孢氨噻肟粉针剂的稳定性。

Holly, like ivy and mistletoe, is an evergreen.
冬青和常春藤、槲寄生一样，都是常绿植物。

Holly smiled distantly.
霍利恍惚地笑了笑。

Somewhere, distantly, he could hear the sound of the sea.
他能听到在远处某个地方的海浪声。

They went out a lot, to the Cafe Royal or the The Ivy
他们常常出去玩，一般是到皇家咖啡馆或者常春藤那里。

他认真地注视着她的脸，捕捉每一丝细微的表情变化。
He watched her face intently to catch every nuance of expression.

The real estate company is showcasing many new houses in the newspaper.
该房地产公司在报纸上展示了多款新房型。

He made a fortune in real estate.
他在房地产上发了财。

He is a wonderful companion and we can talk for hours on end
他是个非常好的同伴，我们可以连续聊上好几个小时。

He's always using fancy legal words.
他总是使用异常复杂的法律词语。

Prisoners have legal rights, but in practice these rights are not always respected.
囚犯虽有合法的权利，但实际上这些权利常未受到尊重。

They could hear music pulsing through the walls of the house
透过墙壁，他们能听到有节奏的音乐声。

Drugs pose a major threat to our society.
毒品成为对社会的一大威胁。

The chemicals pose little risk to human health.
这些化学药品对人类健康没有什么危害。

( Your password will appear as asterisks to prevent others from reading it.)
（您的口令将以星号出现以防别人阅读。）

Return the enclosed Donation Form today in the prepaid envelope provided.
请于今日将随函附上的捐款表格用所提供的邮资预付的信封寄回。

Since war broke out, the phones at donation centers have been ringing off the hook.
自从战争爆发以来，捐赠中心的电话就一直响个不停。

Her thumbs were hooked into the pockets of her jeans.
她的双手拇指钩在牛仔裤袋里。

I put 'please forward' on the envelope.
我在信封上写了“请转递”。

The opening of the scene depicts Akhnaten and his family in a moment of intimacy.
这幕戏的开场描绘了埃及法老阿肯那顿和他的家人其乐融融的情景。

It takes time to build up intimacy.
建立亲密关系是需要时间的。

The inauguration went well; how did your interview go?
就职典礼进行顺利；你的接见进行得怎么样？

Humans take in oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide.
人吸入氧气，呼出二氧化碳。

Reducing levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is of critical importance.
减少大气层中的二氧化碳含量极其重要。

Use music and lighting to create a romantic atmosphere.
用音乐和照明创造一种浪漫的气氛。

This chapter could be condensed into a few paragraphs.
这一章可以压缩成几个段落。

" You're like a backslash," she said.
“你就像一个反斜杠，”她说。

The event was organized jointly by students and staff.
这项赛事是由师生共同组织的。

Ignoring feelings of tiredness knocks our body clocks out of kilter
忽视疲劳感会打乱我们的生物钟

Her eyes are her most striking feature.
她容貌中最引人注目的是她的双眼。

The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel. It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
港口上方的天空是电视的颜色，调到一个死区频道。那是四月里一个寒冷明亮的日子，钟敲了十三下。

I was happy after I found many bread in icebox.
在冰箱里看到很多面包的时候我觉得很幸运，哈哈。

The trees in your garden may have covered the ground with apples, pears or plums
你花园里的果树也许已经落了一地的苹果、梨或李子。

I have eaten the plums that were in the icebox
我吃了冰箱里的李子

Alternate cubes of meat and slices of red pepper.
交替放置肉丁和红辣椒片。

He cut four thick slices from the loaf.
他从一条面包上切下四厚片。

He was sawing energetically at a loaf of bread.
他正用力切着一条面包。

He escaped by sawing through the bars of his cell
他锯断牢房的窗栅栏逃走了。

The cell is the unit of which all living organisms are composed.
细胞是构成一切生物的单位。

In the warm petrol-scented night, droves of young men and girls were strolling along the quays and packing the bars.
在这个温暖的夜晚里，空气中弥漫着汽油的味道，成群结队的年轻男女或是漫步在码头边或是泡在酒吧间。

People were leaving the countryside in droves to look for work in the cities.
一批一批的人离开农村到城里找工作。

In short, aim to smell clean and avoid putting on a lot of scented products.
简而言之，要让自己闻起来干净，同时避免使用太多有香味的产品。

People were strolling along the beach.
人们在海滩漫步。

She moves with the natural grace of a ballerina.
她的动作具有芭蕾舞演员自然优雅的丰姿。

Physical and ideological barriers had come down in Eastern Europe.
物质和意识形态上的障碍在东欧已不复存在。

A Neural Computing Model for Entire Parens Recombination Genetic Algorithm
一种实现全父辈交叉遗传算法的神经计算模型

Neural networks are computer systems which mimic the workings of the brain
神经网络是模拟大脑工作方式的计算机系统。

The robot was programmed to mimic a series of human movements.
机器人可按程序设计模仿人的各种动作。

The prices in brackets are special rates for the under 18s
括号中的价格是年龄在18岁以下的消费者可以享受的特别优惠价。

Our teacher is very fussy about punctuation.
我们老师对标点符号十分挑剔。

The two parties fought the last election on almost identical manifestos.
两个政党以几乎完全相同的竞选宣言参加了上次竞选。

The conflict is still being fought out.
仍在通过战斗解决这次冲突。

The media played an important part in the last election.
大众传媒在上一次选举中发挥了重要作用。

She trimmed back my flowery language, drew lines through my exclamation marks and argued for the value of restraint in expression.
她删掉我华丽的语言，在我的感叹号上画了线，主张在表达上要克制。

He has trimmed up his nails.
他已修剪过指甲。

They were using uncommonly flowery language.
他们使用了极其华丽的词藻。

They drew lots for the right to go first.
他们拈阄儿决定谁先走。

He argued that they needed more time to finish the project.
他提出理由说明他们需要更多的时间来完成该项目。

Children must use an approved child restraint or adult seat belt.
儿童必须使用经过认可的儿童安全带或成人座椅安全带。

The course is approved by the Department for Education.
课程已获教育部核准。

There are 1.7 million blind and visually impaired people in Britain.
英国有170万失明和视力受损人口。

English Reading Teaching of Higher Vocational Education by Textual Theory
语篇分析法在高职英语阅读教学中的运用

As a vocational teacher I could pretty much pick and choose my work
作为一名职业教师，我几乎可以随意挑拣自己的工作。

The structure of the indentation image measuring system is described.
简述了压痕尺寸图像测量系统的构成。

The horse took the first fence well.
那匹马轻快地跃过了第一道栅栏。

Spoken language contains many incomplete sentences.
口语中有很多不完整的句子。

Look inside! See? I put ten donuts in there.
看里面！看见了吗？我在里面放了十个油炸圈饼。

We ate a pizza between us.
我们合吃了一张比萨饼。

The sailors hoisted the flags in the morning.
水手们早晨升起了旗帜。

One of the documents leaked to the press was a memorandum written by the head of the security police.
透露给报界的文件中有一份是秘密警察局长写的备忘录。

The tank had leaked a small amount of water.
水箱渗漏出少量的水。

Try to get the best product at the lowest price
尽量以最低的价格买到最好的产品。

Design of Control System for Steel-tube Bundler Machine
钢管六角成形打捆机控制系统的设计

There are always a lot of exceptions to grammar rules.
语法规则总是有很多例外。

It's there, right in front of you!
在那儿，就在你前面！

Unconscious envy manifests itself very often as this kind of arrogance
潜意识里的嫉妒常表现为这种傲慢自大。

His arrogance knew no limits.
他极其傲慢。

She was devoured by envy and hatred.
她心中充满嫉妒和憎恨。

She devoured everything she could lay her hands on: books, magazines and newspapers.
无论是书、杂志，还是报纸，只要能弄得到，她都看得津津有味。

She's very nice when you get to know her.
你了解她以后就会觉得她非常可爱。

Beneath the conscious mind there are many levels of the unconscious.
在意识心理之下存在很多层次的无意识。

Further heavy intervention would be throwing good money after bad.
进一步加大干预的力度只会是继续白扔钱。

She obtained 40% of the vote.
她获得40%的选票。

Computer and modern communication technology interactively make of the network environment.
电子计算机和现代通信技术相互结合构成了现代网络环境。

She flushed to the ears.
她脸红到耳根。

Fuzzy-PI regulated field oriented control of linear induction motor in urban transit
城轨交通用直线感应电机模糊PI矢量控制

Our students are oriented towards science subjects.
我们教的学生都是理科方向的。

The speed of the machine may be regulated to pace the packing operation.
机器的速度可调节到与包装速度同步。

Destructure Sketch-Exploration of Form Subject in Sketch Teaching
解构素描&浅谈素描教学中形式课题的开发

The parameter element is used to reference a cheat sheet.
parameter元素被用于引用备忘单。

The Redskins' offense is stronger than their defense.
印第安人队的进攻强于防守。

There is a danger of overkill if you plan everything too carefully.
如果事事过分谨小慎微，那结果难免有适得其反的危险。

Design of high precision angular measurement system based on differential capacitor
基于差动电容的高精度倾角测量系统设计

Give the right computer a massive database of faces, and it can process what it sees-then recognize a face it's told to find-with remarkable speed and precision.
如果给一台适宜的电脑植入一个庞大的人面数据库，它就能够处理它所看见的东西——然后按照指示识别人脸——其速度和精度都十分出色。

On the other hand, scientists disagree about how much and when they should share date, and they debate whether sharing it is more likely to accelerate science and make it more robust, or to introduce vulnerabilities and problems.
另一方面，科学家对于他们分享多少数据和何时分享数据持有不同的观点，他们对共享数据到底是会加速科学发展、促进科学繁荣，还是会带来伤害和问题也各执己见。

There was discussion about the fire and its likely cause.
对那场火灾及其可能的起因进行了讨论。

Growth will accelerate to 2.9 per cent next year
明年的增长会加快到2.9%。

She was almost 90, but still very robust.
她将近90岁了，但身体仍然十分强健。

Fundamentally, women like him for his sensitivity and charming vulnerability
基本说来，女人喜欢他是因为他细腻的情感和迷人的文弱气质。

It was a charming piece of music.
那是一段迷人的音乐。

Fines are imposed for breaches of traffic rules.
违反交通规则要罚款。

There are fines for exceeding permitted levels of noise pollution.
噪音超标会处以罚款。

A Munro, in climbing parlance, is a Scottish mountain exceeding 3 000 feet.
芒罗，用登山术语来说，是指超过3000英尺的苏格兰山峰。

She's English ─ Scottish, I mean.
她是英国人——更确切地说，她是苏格兰人。

It was totally impractical to think that we could finish the job in two months.
认为我们能在两个月之内完成这项工作，这完全是不切实际的。

He took malicious pleasure in telling me what she had said.
他幸灾乐祸地告诉我她说的那些话

You risk incurring bank charges if you exceed your overdraft limit.
如果超出了透支限额，就有被银行加收费用的风险。

Ancillary charges are at least$ 30 per day
附加收费每天至少30美元。

Miss Longfield warned that a generation of children risked growing up ＂ worried about their appearance and image as a result of the unrealistic lifestyles they follow on platforms, and increasingly anxious about switching off due to the constant demands of social media ＂．
朗菲尔德女士警告说,有一代孩子冒着成长的风险,"由于他们在平台上遵循不切实际的生活方式,他们担心自己的外表和形象,而且由于社交媒体的不断需求,他们越来越担心关机"。

She was anxious to finish school and get a job.
她渴望毕业找一份工作。

This sanitized account of his life does not mention his time in prison.
这份生平记述对他的不光彩之处略而不表，没有提及他在监狱的日子。

Come to think of it, he did mention seeing you.
想起来了，他确实提到看见过你。

So what is an acceptable level of radiation?
那么可接受的辐射量是多少？

While these numbers are still being validated by the state, we feel any adjustments they might suggest will be immaterial, Morgan wrote to the presidents.
摩根在信中给校长们写道:“虽然这些数字仍在由州政府验证，但我们认为，它们可能会出现的任何调整都将是无关紧要的。

Why did I ever get mixed up with you?
我怎么会曾经跟你混在一起呢？

She closely resembled her mother at the same age.
她与她母亲在相同的年龄时长相酷似。

Jack is doing very well at school.
杰克在学校里学习成绩斐然。

The theory is that smoking should be stripped of any appeal to discourage new generations from starting in the first place.
该理论认为削弱吸烟的吸引力，从而劝阻下一代开始抽烟。

One prisoner claimed he'd been dragged to a cell, stripped and beaten.
一名犯人声称他曾被拖进一间牢房，全身被脱光并遭到毒打。

At that time, children were often beaten for quite minor offences.
那时候，孩子们常常因为很小的过错而挨打。

The defendant asked for a number of other offences to be taken into account.
被告要求考虑其他一些罪行。

The chief judge has announced the debate closed, the defendant has the right to make a final statement.
审判长宣布辩论终结后，被告人有最后陈述的权利。

The industry is feeling the effects of recent price rises.
这一行业已经感觉到了最近提价的影响。

Recent research has thrown new light on the causes of the disease.
最近的研究可以使人进一步了解导致这种疾病的原因。

Perhaps a new phrase is needed, one that can bring everyone one big step closer to realizing Du Bois's original, idealistic hope:" It's not the name — it's the Thing that counts. ''
也许我们需要一个新的短语，它可以使每个人进一步实现杜波依斯最初的理想主义希望：“重要的不是名字，而是事物本身。”

The Italian phrase can be rendered as 'I did my best'.
这个意大利语的短语可以译为“我尽力了”。

I think you should go back to your original plan.
我认为你应该回头执行你原来的计划。

This idealistic concept is at variance with reality.
这种理想主义的观念和现实相矛盾。

This year's sales figures go beyond all our expectations.
今年的销售额大大超过我们的预期。

The young have a completely different set of values and expectations.
年轻人有一整套截然不同的价值观和期望。

The government looks with favour upon the report's recommendations.
政府赞同报告所提出的建议。

Spend some time familiarizing yourself with this application.
用一些时间来让自己熟悉这个应用程序。

The bulk of the text is essentially a review of these original documents
文章的主要部分基本是对这些原始文件的回顾。

Shopkeepers buy them in bulk and resell them for £ 150 each
店主们先大量购进，然后再以150英镑的单价将它们转卖出去。

Intoxication interferes with memory and thinking, speech and coordination.
醉酒影响记忆、思考、语言与协调性。

That interferes with my plan.
那干扰了我的计划。

He was found guilty of forgery.
他被判伪造罪名成立。

After initiation, the youths started to interact with the older members
入会仪式后，这些小伙子与老成员开始互动。

All parties will have the opportunity to make submissions relating to this case.
各方均有机会提交与此案有关的陈述。

Which planets can sustain life?
哪些行星可以维持生命的存在？

The guide led the way and we trotted along behind him.
向导在前面带路，我们跟在他的后面走。

The children trotted into the room.
孩子们小跑着进了房间。

A catfight has erupted over who will get top billing.
为了谁做主角的问题爆发了一场吵闹。

He was a colossus, a legend.
他是一个伟人，一个传奇人物。

He became a colossus of the labour movement.
他成为了劳工运动中举足轻重的人物。

The main criterion is value for money.
主要的标准是钱要用得划算。

Careful contrast of the two plans shows some important differences.
把两个计划仔细地加以对比就可看出一些重要的差异。

She clipped two seconds off her previous best time.
她把自己之前的最佳纪录缩短了两秒。

I enclose the two plans for comparison.
兹附上两份计划以供比较。

Please find enclosed a cheque for £ 100.
随函附上100英镑支票一张。

The Earth orbits in an ellipse.
地球轨道呈椭圆形。

Mars and Earth have orbits which change with time
火星与地球的运行轨道随着时间而变化。

He conceived the first proof that the17-sided polygon is constructible.
他构思了17边形可以作图的第一个证明。

The scientist conceived of the idea of a new weapon.
那位科学家有了新武器的设想。

Guilt is the secret weapon for the control of children.
愧疚是控制儿童的秘密武器。

Unset your variables to free memory, especially large arrays.
注销那些不用的变量尤其是大数组，以便释放内存。

The milk was sterilized and sealed in bottles.
牛奶经过灭菌处理后被封装在瓶子里。

All the glasses should be washed out and sterilized.
所有的杯子都应该洗干净并且消毒

One of the most atmospheric corners of Prague is the old Jewish ghetto.
古老的犹太人社区是布拉格最具特色的角落之一。

The book had rounded, not square, corners.
这本书是圆角的，而不是方角的。

He opined that Prague was the most beautiful city in Europe.
他认为布拉格是欧洲最美丽的城市。

The pressure of work is beginning to get to him.
工作的压力使他烦恼起来。

The trial was conducted under a blanket of secrecy.
审讯在高度保密下进行。

Many drugs were found by trial and error
很多药物都是通过反复试验才发现的。

She doubled the blanket and put it under his head.
她把毯子折叠起来给他做枕头。

Study on Stat Index System of Science and Technology Human Resource
关于科技人力资源状况统计指标体系的探讨

She has said nothing regarding your request.
关于你的要求，她什么也没说。

If he is guilty then, by inference, so is his wife.
如果他有罪，那么由此可以推断他的妻子也同样有罪。

He has a somewhat donnish air about him.
他身上有点学究气。

Modern farming methods can have an adverse effect on the environment.
现代农业耕作方法可能对环境造成负面影响。

The club is responsive to new ideas.
俱乐部对新的想法都表示欢迎。

It should have been an occasion for rejoicing, but she could not feel any real joy.
原本应该是高兴的时刻，她却丝毫未感到快乐。

The motor industry is rejoicing at the cut in car tax.
汽车工业对汽车减税感到非常高兴。

The server is designed to store huge amounts of data.
该服务器是为存储大量数据设计的。

Travis twisted the knife by laughing at her
特拉维斯火上浇油般地嘲笑她。

He grabbed me and twisted my arm behind my back.
他抓住我，把我的胳膊扭到背后。

Studies in the Front Matter of the Dictionary
词典正文前信息的历史与现状

She has a remarkable inner strength.
她有非凡的意志力。

Archiving practices have changed greatly since the 1970s, says Kapsalis, "and we keep our high value documents in a safe that I don't even have access to."
卡普萨里斯说:“自从二十世纪七十年代以来，档案管理流程已经发生了巨大的变化，我们现在将高价值的文件放在甚至连我都接触不到的保险柜里。”

The file contains longitude and latitude data, recording the phone's coordinates along with a timestamp.
这个文件包含有经纬度数据，记录了手机的坐标，还带有相应的时间戳。

The district court ruled that Popper's silence in court today should be entered as a plea of not guilty.
区法院裁定今天波珀在法庭上的缄默将被视作是进行无罪抗辩。

We need more young scientists to fill the gap left by a wave of retirements expected over the next decade
我们需要更多年轻的科学家来填补预计未来10年退休高峰带来的人才缺口。

His first act as leader was to purge the party of extremists.
他当上领导的第一件事就是清除党内的极端分子。

How many layers of clothing are you wearing?
你穿了几层衣服？

Some say it is very useful in all variants of cancer.
有人说这是非常有用的对所有变种癌症。

A tailwind had cut the flying time by half an hour.
由于顺风，飞行时间缩短了半小时。

He made a kamikaze run across three lanes of traffic.
他不要命地冲过了三条车道。

me around the neck.
猛不防有人抓住了我的脖子。

That part of building executable processes is actually software development.
构建可执行流程那个部分实际上是软件开发。

There are still a few isolated pockets of resistance to the new regime.
现在仍有零星孤立的势力反对新政权。

The defenders put up a strong resistance.
保卫者进行了顽强的抵抗。

But what is the best regime?
但什么是最优的政体？

The fragments of memory she dredges up do not fit together.
她想起的那些支离破碎的片段连不上。

Who has she designated her deputy?
她委任了谁为她的副手？

The vessels will have to land their catch at designated ports.
船只必须在指定的港口把捕到的鱼卸下。

He caught hold of her wrists so she couldn't get away.
他抓住她的手腕，使她无法挣脱。

The steamer calls at several ports along the way.
一路上，汽船在好几个港口停靠。

While digging two pits at a site in the central plains of China, scientists discovered fragments from pots and vessels.
在挖掘位于中国中原地带的两处遗址坑时，科学家们发现了一些罐子和其他容器的碎片。

The central issue is that of widespread racism.
最重要的问题是种族主义泛滥。

There was widespread criticism of the government's handling of the disaster.
政府对灾难的处理方式遭到了普遍的批评。

The gravel pits have been landscaped and planted to make them attractive to wildfowl
砾石采掘坑已进行了景观美化并种上了草木，希望能吸引野禽的到来。

Two young men were racing motorcycles on the loose gravel
两个小伙子正在松散的砾石路面上赛摩托车。

In ancient mythology there was no impassable gulf separating the divine from the human beings.
在上古神话中，神与人之间没有不可逾越的鸿沟。

The column was decorated in high relief with scenes from Greek mythology.
柱子上饰有描述希腊神话中的场面的高浮雕。

A crisis was rapidly developing in the Gulf.
海湾危机迅速加剧。

'They were divine,' she sighs, dreamily
“他们是神圣的，”她神情恍惚地叹了口气。

The cake was decorated to look like a car.
这蛋糕装饰得像一辆汽车。

People were swimming in the ocean despite the hurricane warning.
尽管有飓风警报，人们仍然在大海里游泳。

One of the victims of the fire remains in a critical condition.
大火的一位受害者依然病情危急。

The glob?( question mark) matches any single character.
通配符匹配操作符？（问号）匹配任何单个的字符。

Putting the bookcase together should be a simple assembly job.
组装书橱应该是个简单的装配活。

They can see how its colours have faded and where paint has flaked.
他们能看到颜色消退的情况以及油漆剥落的地方。

Nothing in the world is immutable.
世界没有一成不变的东西。

The quilt has pretty, scalloped edges and intricate quilting.
这条被子有漂亮的荷叶饰边，而且绗缝活做得也很精致。

He knows his way around the intricate maze of European law
他通晓错综复杂的欧洲律法。

Blood began to coagulate around the edges of the wound.
血液开始在伤口的边缘凝固。

The children lead me through the maze of alleys to the edge of the city.
孩子们领我穿过迷宫一般的街巷，来到城边。

Khandoo guided me through the dark alleys until the smell told me we had arrived.
康多带着我在漆黑的小巷中穿行，直到闻到那种味道，我知道我们到了。

The first thing I noticed about the room was the smell.
我首先注意到的是这屋子里的气味。

We chose a few of the commonest lexical items in the languages.
我们选取了各语言中最常见的几个词汇。

Oil pollution is the commonest cause of death for seabirds
石油污染是造成海鸟死亡最常见的原因。

Many seabirds died as a result of the oil spill.
许多海鸟死于这次石油泄漏。

An oil spill could be devastating for wildlife.
溢出的油对野生动物来说可能是毁灭性的。

It will be a devastating blow to the local community if the factory closes.
如果这家工厂倒闭，将给当地居民以毁灭性的打击。

He was blown sidewards by the wind.
他被风吹到旁边。

The wetlands are home to a large variety of wildlife.
湿地是多种野生动物的栖息地。

Using a lambda expression, we can make this more compact
在使用lambda表达式时，可以使代码更加简洁

He speaks with a lisp
他说话口齿不清。

These are simply make-work schemes for accountants.
这些方案只不过是让会计师继续忙碌而已。

Synchronized attribute can not be used with this method type.
不能与此方法类型一起使用同步属性。

The nearest star to earth is about 4 light years away.
地球离最近的恒星大约为4光年。

She was a leading exponent of free trade during her political career.
她从政期间是自由贸易的主要倡导者。

Getting a job in marketing was a good career move.
找份市场营销的工作是一个不错的职业选择。

A horse-drawn carriage was coming along the road to bear away the Royal party.
沿路驶来一辆四轮马车要把皇室一行拉走。

The word hexadecimal is derived from the number 16.
十六进制一词是从十六这个数得来的。

She had a disruptive influence on the rest of the class.
她搅扰了班上其他的学生。

A clever lawyer might find a way of getting round that clause.
高明的律师也许能找到绕过那个条款的办法。

Study and Simulation of Initialization Method for Blind Source Separation
一种盲源分离初始化方法的研究与仿真

Read the infix expression from left to right, one character at a time.
从左到右读入中缀表达式，每次一个字符。

This particular model has a further refinement.
这一款式又有了进一步的改进。

He warned that to negate the results of elections would only make things worse.
他警告说，否定选举的结果只会使事情更糟。

Two elections were held within the space of a year.
在一年的时间之内举行了两次选举。

This type of condition can be met by using the logical NOT'!'operator.
可以使用逻辑否'！'

The street opened out into a small square.
这条街延伸成一个小广场。

She met up with some of her old school friends.
她遇见几个老同学。

Mandy subtracted the date of birth from the date of death
曼迪用去世的日期减去出生的日期。

6 subtracted from 9 is 3.
9减6等于3。

An algorithm of dynamic password system based on square modulo
一种基于平方剩余的动态口令算法

We had to work within the parameters that had already been established.
我们必须在已设定的范围内工作。

The charge that Harding was a political stooge may be a canard.
关于哈丁是个政治走狗的指控可能是个谣传。

He was charged with causing a disturbance after the game.
他被指控在比赛结束后制造骚乱。

During the disturbance which followed, three Englishmen were hurt.
在接下来的骚乱中，3名英国人受伤。

Violence begets violence.
暴力招致暴力。

She was a tall woman of indeterminate age.
她是个看不出年龄的高大女子。

Create a test or development environment from an existing schema.
从现有的架构创建测试或开发环境。

Greg flattened himself against the wall to let me pass.
格雷格身体紧靠着墙让我通过。

Let's cut the crap and get down to business.
咱们别说废话了，开始干正事吧。

I've placed an asterisk next to the tasks I want you to do first.
我在要你首先完成的任务旁边标上了星号。

Continue to ask for feedback on your work
继续征求对你的工作的反馈意见。

During motion, the sphere may experience the fluid drag, as well as the resistance from the interation of the moving sphere and the channel bed.
在运动过程中，球体除受到周围流体阻力外，亦受到球体与底床间交互作用所形成的阻力。

The algorithm and analysis of relative application for one N factorial problem
单N阶乘问题的算法及其应用分析

Therefore, the localization of high-quality LED manufacturing equipment must be resolved.
因此，高质量LED制造设备的国产化问题亟待解决。

We'd recommend you to book your flight early.
我们建议你早点儿预订航班。

The airline has a good safety record.
这家航空公司的安全情况一向很好。

A computer screen shows arrival and departure times.
电脑屏幕显示出到达和离开的时间。

It's a trivial matter and not worth fighting about.
这是一桩小事，不值得为之争辩。

The origin of single-cell clone line is the same ancester cell, so there is strong homology, no genetic diversity, uniform biotic character and stationary cells line.
单细胞克隆系由于其来源于同一个祖先细胞，所以同源性强，无遗传差异，生物学性状均一，细胞系稳定

This theme recurs several times throughout the book.
这一主题在整部书里出现了好几次。

I want this memo to go to all managers.
我想让这份备忘录送交到所有经理手中。

I don't like him, and it would be dishonest of me to pretend otherwise.
我不喜欢他，如果假装喜欢，那就是我不诚实了。

One of the penalties of fame is loss of privacy.
成名的弊端之一是失掉了隐私。

Marine mammals generally swim with the current.
海洋哺乳动物一般顺水而游。

The President was given a blank check by Congress to continue the war.
国会授予总统全权可继续这场战争。

God disposes all things according to his will.
上帝以他的旨意处置万物。

Width is a linear dimension, too.
宽度也是一种线性尺寸。

The acrobat's feat took the audience's breath away.
杂技演员的惊险动作使观众为之咋舌。

I don't want him to feel forsaken and unhappy.
我不想让他感到被抛弃而不快乐。

The novel is a thicket of literary references
这本小说纯粹是由一堆文学参考书胡乱拼凑而成。

Elephants were often to be found in swamp in eastern Kenya around the Tana River.
在肯尼亚东部的塔纳河一带经常发现陷入沼泽的大象。

The pattern is essentially the same in all cases.
这种模式在所有情况下基本相同。

The policy tried to check the exponential growth of public expenditure.
该政策试图控制公共开支的迅猛增长。

A change in the money supply brings a corresponding change in expenditure.
货币供应量的改变随即引起支出的相应改变。

¾ and ⅝ are vulgar fractions.
*¾和⅝均为普通分数。

He is extremely insinuating, but it's a vulgar nature.
他好奉承拍马，那是种庸俗的品格。

Analysis of algorithms for division and square root in Radix 4
基数4除法和平方根求取算法分析

My sister's the oracle on investment matters.
我姐姐是个万无一失的投资顾问。

The children have been a great comfort to me through all of this.
在我经历这一切的日子里，孩子们一直是我的一个巨大安慰。

I feel like I've died and gone to heaven.
我仿佛觉得自己已经死了，进了天堂。

Desire for status can be a powerful motivator.
追逐地位的欲望可以成为强大的动力。

Praise the Lord.
赞美上帝！

If you do not currently have a Web site, you can sign up for free space with a service such as Geocities and start a personal page or build a site for a local association.
如果目前还没有网站，则可以向Geocities这样的服务商注册申请，得到带服务的免费空间，开始建立个人页面或为本地社团构建站点。

People who have this mutation need less sleep than others.
有这种基因突变的人所需的睡眠就比其他人少。

Finally, mutexes are a relatively new locking mechanism that provides a simple API built on top of atomics.
最后，互斥锁是一种新的锁定机制，提供了一种构建在原子之上的简单API。

To produce predictable code, you'll want to use mutexes.
要产生可预测的代码，应使用互斥对象。

Senior citizens long for a more predictable and secure future.
老年人渴望有一个更稳定、更可预见的未来。

There are three main types of cryptography ．
密码学主要有三种类型。

For ten years, the Wiley College debate team went undefeated.
十年间，威利学院辩论队未逢敌手。

在使用lambda(匿名)表达式时，可以使代码更加简洁
Study on New Model with Time Constraints for Protocol Conformance Testing

时间限制协议一致性测试新模型研究
He is wanting in moral constraints.

For example, he reported massive problems with UNICODE filenames that use extended charset.
例如，他报告了使用扩展字符集的Unicode文件名大问题。

This could mean a massive furlough of government workers.
这可能意味着大量的政府工作人员要暂时下岗。

I was at home on furlough.
我正休假在家。

The department deferred the decision for six months.
这个部门推迟了六个月才作决定。

On the top of the hill there is a pagoda about seven stories high.
山顶上有一座约7层楼高的宝塔。

He's the postal delivery man in his village.
村里的邮件都由他传送。

He went postal when he found out.
他发现后勃然大怒。

Don't hesitate to buy.
买的时候不要犹豫。

That was the luckiest escape of my life.
那次逃脱是我一生中最大的幸运。

They are planning to show exclusive footage from this summer's festivals.
他们准备播放今年夏天节日庆典的独家镜头。

May I borrow it for a day or two?
这个我可以借用一两天吗？

He installed rain gutters and downspouts.
他安装了雨水檐沟和排水管。

They need to hoist the concrete blocks.
他们需要吊起混凝土块。

He has also called for an acceleration of political reforms.
他同时呼吁加快政治改革的步伐。

At least a quarter of a million people have died in the fighting and the resultant famines.
至少25万人死于这场战斗和由此引发的饥荒。

Sales for this quarter have dipped from 38.7 million to 33 million.
本季度销售额从3870万下降到3300万。

Many Irish people went over to America during the famine.
许多爱尔兰人在饥荒时期迁徙到美国。

Quickly dip the base in and out of cold water.
把底部在冷水中快速地浸一下后拿出来。

Why study Latin? It's a dead language.
为什么学拉丁语？它已经不再有人说了。

An amusement park is the perfect locale for a bunch of irrepressible youngsters to have all sorts of adventures.
游乐场是一帮精力过剩的年轻人寻求各种惊险刺激的绝佳场所。

There are many different sorts of animal on the island.
岛上有许多不同种类的动物。

He gave a perfect performance.
他的演奏很完美。

His eyes glittered with a tense amusement.
他眼里流露出一丝紧张和愉悦。

Data structure and storage of secret key in crypto system
密码系统中的密钥数据结构与存储方案

Design of power optimization electronic control system for hydraulic digger
液压挖掘机功率优化电控系统的设计

The climate has grown more equable and the crop yields have risen.
天气变得更加温和，粮食产量也已经提高。

The attributes and subelements of the tag are each a single string, so you compose them using concat().
标记的属性和子元素都是单个字符串，因此，可以使用concat（）函数连接它们。

These crystals are then embedded in a plastic, and the plastic is extruded as a wire
然后将这些晶体嵌入一块塑料，再把塑料挤压成线。

These thin crystals transmit much of the power
这些薄薄的晶体传导了大部分的动力。

The speed with which digital cameras can take, process and transmit an image is phenomenal.
数码相机拍摄、处理和传输图像的速度相当惊人。

Exports of Australian wine are growing at a phenomenal rate
澳大利亚葡萄酒出口正在以惊人的速度增长。

It is possible for malloc to overcommit, and some other process may get the resource before the current process, resulting in a failure.
malloc可能会过量分配内存，其他进程可能在当前进程之前获得资源，这会导致错误。

Never overcommit memory& at least not with response time sensitive Java ™ applications!
绝不过量使用内存&至少对响应时间敏感的Java™应用程序是这样的！

Let's be practical and work out the cost first.
咱们实际一点儿，先计算一下成本费用。

Clamp one end of the plank to the edge of the table.
把厚木板的一端用夹具固定在桌子的边上。

A lamp was suspended from the ceiling.
一盏吊灯悬在天花板上。

The Night Rider lamp has been designed to conform to new British Standard safety requirements
“夜行者”灯的设计符合新的英国安全标准的要求。

I traversed the narrow pedestrian bridge.
我走过狭窄的人行天桥。

Continuing along the same road they almost step into yet another shit.
他俩继续沿着路往前走，差点踩上另一堆屎。

Tong said he expects regional economic integration to be at the core of the APEC agenda this year.
唐伟康表示，他预期地区经济一体化将是今年apec议程的核心内容。

Her paintings capture the subtle hues of the countryside in autumn.
她的油画捕捉住了秋天乡村的微妙色调。

The market for computer games has reached saturation point.
电脑游戏市场已达到饱和。

The profundity of this book is achieved with breathtaking lightness.
这本书极为深入浅出。

A born magpie, Mandy collects any object that catches her eye.
曼迪天生喜欢收集小玩意，只要是她看上的都会收藏起来。

The speed of light is an invariant constant.
光速是一个不变常数。

Analysis of legislation of revocable and changeable right of contract
合同可撤销、可变更权利的立法浅析

The median age of that group is 36.
那组的中间年龄为36岁。

Add Aux. line and Arrange Horizontal Curve Stake Point
加设辅助线设置平曲线桩点

They laughed at my puny efforts.
他们嘲笑我微不足道的努力。

The mud is smooth, gray, soft, and plastic as butter.
这种泥浆呈灰色，它光滑、柔软，像黄油一样易塑。

The fans are looking to the new players to point the way to victory.
球迷都在指望新球员打出胜利之路。

Today his picture goes on show at the National Portrait Gallery.
今天他的画作在国家肖像美术馆展出。

The church tower was a prominent feature in the landscape.
教堂的尖塔曾经是此地景观的重要特色。

This command will change the default image map file into a format that's easier to use and redirect the output to the coords file.
这条命令将会把默认图像地图文件更改为更易于使用的格式，并将输出重定向到坐标文件。

He recognizes enough notation to be able to follow a score.
他认得足够多的乐符，看懂乐谱不成问题。

The Sun had captioned a picture of Princess Diana 'Princess of Veils'
《太阳报》在黛安娜王妃的一张照片下写了一段说明文字——“披着面纱的王妃”。

The house adjacent to ours is under repairs.
与我家相邻的房子正在修缮。

Move the caret down one page, extending the selection.
将插入符号下移一页，扩展选定范围。

A compass needle points north.
罗盘指针指向北方。

So it is used instead to calibrate more practical current-measuring instrument, called ammeters.
因此，它只用于校准更实用的测量电流的仪表&安培计。

I left the children tucked up snugly in bed.
我给孩子们掖好被子，让他们睡觉了。

The wisest course would be to say nothing.
最明智的对策是缄口不语。

Our luggage was checked all the way through to our final destination.
我们的行李一直被托运到最终目的地。

Can plants obtain adequate nourishment from such poor soil?
土壤这样贫瘠，植物能获得足够的养分吗？

Every time a train went past the walls vibrated.
每当火车驶过，这些墙都会震动。

Even a problem as simple as a bad back often has an underlying triggering factor.
甚至像背疼这样的小问题都常常有潜在的诱发因素。

Every type of boat was pressed into service to rescue passengers from the sinking ferry.
为了营救下沉渡轮上的旅客，各类船只都被临时征用了。

They were dismayed to find that the ferry had already left.
他们发现渡船已经离开，感到很失望。

She let out a groan of dismay.
她发出沮丧的叹息声。

She groaned and held her head.
她呻吟着，用手抱住头。

The performance of the engine was tested at different settings.
对引擎的性能在不同的挡上做了试验。

It agreed to set up a central registry of arms sales.
它同意成立一个中央武器销售登记处。

Police officers in the UK do not usually carry arms.
英国警察通常不携带武器。

Damn you! I'm not going to let you bully me.
你这个浑蛋！我决不让你欺负我。

Oh damn! I forgot he was coming.
真该死！我把他要来这事儿给忘了。

And, would you believe, he didn't even apologize!
而且，可气的是，他连个道歉都没有！

Study on the On-line Software for Pseudo-dynamic Test
伪动力试验联机软件的研究&开发ITFC软件功能之一

These two keys are related cryptographically.
这两个密钥是通过密码术进行关联的。

You should allow a little time after a meal for the food to digest.
饭后你应该留点时间让食物消化。

First, plot the temperature curve on the graph.
首先，在图表上绘出温度曲线来。

It is less of a problem than I'd expected.
问题不像我预料的那么大。

They were deeply disturbed by the accident.
这个事故使他们深感不安。

He was a beacon of hope for the younger generation.
他是年轻一代的希望之灯。

It is an almost universal truth that the more we are promoted in a job, the less we actually exercise the skills we initially used to perform it.
这几乎是一条普遍的真理：我们在某一工作中越往上晋升，实际运用那些当初在工作中经常实践的技能的机会就越少。

Research on Product Teardown Recycle and Analysis of Its Economical Benefit
产品拆卸回收方法研究及经济分析

He has all the credentials for the job.
他做这项工作完全够格。

Instead, we had a pop-up camper with comfortable beds and an air conditioner ．
相反,我们有一个弹出式露营车,里面有舒适的床和空调。

The band's album spawned a string of hit singles.
这支乐队的专辑繁衍出一连串走红的单曲唱片。

The body has natural defence mechanisms to protect it from disease.
人体对疾病具有先天性防御机制。

They found a way of circumventing the law.
他们找到了规避法律的途径。

There are, broadly speaking, two ways of doing this.
大致说来，做这件事有两种方法。

Economic activity often follows a cyclical pattern.
经济活动常常遵循周期性模式。

Petrol is a volatile substance.
汽油是挥发性物质。

Compare the physical properties of the two substances.
比较一下这两种物质的物理特性。

Transactional support, so enqueue and dequeue operations exhibit the transactional properties of atomicity, consistency, isolation, and durability
事务性支持，这样入队和出队操作都具有事务特性：原子性、一致性、隔离性以及可持久性

They claim to be the party of law and order.
他们声称自己是重视治安问题的政党。

The quota system was modelled on those operated in America and continental Europe
该配额制度是仿照美国以及欧洲大陆国家的同类制度制定的。

The country's parliament is modelled on the British system.
这个国家的议会是模仿英国的体制建立的。

On a continental scale, china's deal-making pace far exceeds the u.s.'s, according to mthuli ncube, chief economist at the African Development Bank group.
根据非洲发展银行集团首席经济学家mthuli ncube的介绍，从整个非洲大陆的角度看，中国在这里的经济渗透步伐已经远远超过了美国。

The operation principle of a without inversion laser is introduced.
介绍无反转激光器的基本工作原理；

Using grep in many cases can give you the desired value.
在许多情况下使用grep可以得到需要的值。

The interchange of ideas aids an understanding of family dynamics.
思想的交流有助于理解家庭动态。

The ordinate scale is linear in decibels.
纵坐标比例尺以分贝为单位是线性的。

An overlay showing population can be placed on top of the map.
可以在地图上加一层显示人口的透明膜。

Computer software can be used to simulate conditions on the seabed.
计算机软件可用于模拟海底状况。

The report revealed a great deal of bureaucratic inefficiency.
报道大量揭示了官僚体制的无能。

Trust is a vital component in any relationship.
在任何关系中，信任都是一个至关重要的因素。

We could see the profile of a distant hill if it is very clear.
如果天气晴朗，我们可看到远山的轮廓。

And he said you were thinking of running for state assemblyman.
他说你要去参加州议员竞选。

He said the overvaluation of sterling was throttling industry.
他认为英镑价值过高阻碍了工业发展。

He has done sterling work on the finance committee.
他在财务委员会工作优异。

Application of instrumented impact test method in production and scientific research
仪器化冲击试验方法在生产和科研中的应用

The survey used a random sample of two thousand people across England and Wales
该调查在英格兰和威尔士随机抽样了2,000人。

A new road now bypasses the town.
一条新路绕城镇而过。

The periodic buckling leaves the fibre in a waved conformation.
周期性的弯折在纤维中造成波形构成。

The sergeant ordered his men to fall in.
中士命令士兵集合。

Respect for life is a cardinal principle of English law.
尊重生命是英国法律最重要的原则。

The news gave them a much needed uplift.
这消息给他们带来了及时的鼓舞。

He had read many detailed critical appraisals of her work.
他读了许多详细评论她的作品的文章。

He is an odd man.
他是一个古怪的人。

The three different relational schemas are discussed in this section.
本节讨论三种不同的关系模式。

Today's announcement smacks of a government cover-up.
今天的声明颇有政府想掩盖事实的味道。

It appears to be an idyllic domestic set-up
这似乎是一种田园诗般的家庭组成格局。

The association was formed to represent the interests of women artists.
成立这个协会是为了维护女性艺术家的利益。

Flames melted a lead pipe and ignited leaking gas.
火焰熔化了一段铅管，燃着了漏出来的煤气。

The key question of what caused the leak remains unanswered.
泄漏究竟是怎么造成的，这一关键问题仍未得到答案。

To illustrate my point, let me tell you a little story.
为了说明我的观点，让我来给你们讲个小故事。

She went for a long walk to work up an appetite.
她为了增加食欲散了很长时间的步。

I perceived a change in his behaviour over those months.
我注意到他的举止在那几个月里有些改变

She perceived that all was not well.
她意识到并非一切都顺利。

It's still extremely difficult to get tenure.
要取得终身职位仍然极其困难。

The prose of his official communications was so laboured, pompous and verbose
他笔下的公文矫揉浮华，长篇大论。

She became a leading promoter of European integration.
她成为欧洲一体化的主要支持者。

Leverage is used in many fields.
杠杆作用在许多领域里得到应用。

When it comes to integrating their transport systems, the French don't miss a trick.
法国人从不放过任何整合其交通系统的机会。

The group is having to metamorphose from a loose collection of businesses into a fully integrated multinational
该集团将不得不由一个松散的企业联合组织转变成一个全面整合的跨国集团。

The different purposes make the different integrations approaches.
两种不同的目的产生了两种不同的整合方式。

Finally the core technology innovation promotion measures based on technology integrations are provided. 5.
最后提出基于整合视角的大型集团企业核心技术创新能力提升路径。

The company says it is in full compliance with US labor laws
这家公司说自己严格遵守美国的各项劳工法。

The country needs a defence capability as insurance against the unexpected.
国家需要有一定的防御能力，以应对不可预知的情况。

Using this script, you can create a basic weapons chart with an integrated damage calculator.
使用此脚本，您可以用集成的破坏力计算器创建基本武器图。

They typically carry financial burdens that outweigh those of their peers, are more likely to work while attending school, and often require significant academic remediation.
他们通常背负着比同龄人更沉重的经济负担，更有可能在上学期间工作，并且经常需要大量补习。

It's been known that various bacteria and fungi can help in environmental remediation.
众所周知，种类繁多的细菌和真菌能帮助改善环境。

Three of them were killed in the subsequent encounter with the police.
他们中有三个人在后来与警察的冲突中被杀死。

"If they're anywhere near worth their salt as engineers, I bet they're rethinking their threat model as we speak," said Jonathan Zdziarski, a digital forensic expert who studies the iPhone and its vulnerabilities.
“如果这些工程师称职的话，我打赌，他们现在正重新思量威胁模型，”研究iPhone及其安全缺陷的数字专家乔纳森·兹阿尔斯基说道。

There was saturation coverage of the event by the media.
媒体对这一事件做了连篇累牍的报道。

Present situation and its future of the fabric fuzzing and pilling study
织物起毛起球研究现状分析与展望

Study on the Fuzzing and Pilling Performance of Milk Protein Fiber Knitted Fabrics
牛奶蛋白纤维针织产品起毛起球性能研究

Their ultimate aim was a market economy for Hungary
他们最终的目标是为匈牙利建立起市场经济体制。

And they must learn how to capitalize on the movement's benefits, such as opportunities for more citations and a way to build a reputation without the need for conventional metrics, such as publication in high-impact journals.
他们也必须学会如何充分利用这项运动的益处，比如更多引用的机会和无需常规指标就可建立良好的声誉，如在重大影响力的期刊上发表文章。

The US military wants to avoid the graduated escalation that marked the Vietnam War.
美国军方希望避免出现类似于越南战争那样逐步升级的态势。

Any unexpected circumstance that arises may catalyze a sudden escalation of violence.
任何突如其来的情况都可能造成暴力骤然升级。

They'd pulled the registry office down which then left an open space
他们拆掉户籍登记处后，那里留下了一片空地。

The way she puts on that accent really irritates me.
她故意操那种口音的样子实在令我恼火。

Years of living in England had eliminated all trace of her American accent.
她因多年居住在英国，美国口音已荡然无存。

These cigarettes are a blend of the best tobaccoes.
这种香烟是用几种最好的烟草混合制成的。

Fast-food companies are also adding midday and late-night snacks, such as blended drinks and wraps.
快餐商家也在增加中午和夜晚小吃的种类，例如混合型饮料及包装食品。

Five minutes after that, we placed either bacon or bread on the surface for 5,30 or 60 seconds, and then measured the number of bacteria transferred to the food.
五分钟后，我们把培根肉或面包放在表面上5秒、30秒或60秒，然后测算转移到食物上的细菌量。

Who brings up the baby and who brings home the bacon?
是谁抚养孩子的，是谁赚钱养家的？


An analysis of the company consisting mostly of "lorem ipsum" text traditionally used by publishers to test the appearance of a layout
公司的分析通常由传统上由出版商用于测试布局外观的“lorem ipsum”文本组成

With the dolor we receive from the transient, we recreate a lot of wishes and joys, and this is also a kind of beauty.
例句忧伤我们从瞬间接受，我们再创造很多愿望和喜悦，并且这也是一种美丽。adj.寂寞的；


Therefore, the people there are always a joy dolor.
所以，人也总是有欢乐也有忧愁。

I wonder how they eat fatback, what about getting some mutton for stew?
我不知道肥肉怎么吃法。买些羊肉来炖好吗？

I wonder who eats fatback.
我不知道肥肉怎么吃法。

This mutton has got a strong smell.
这羊肉味太膻。

The meat needs to stew for two hours.
这肉得炖两小时。

Thicken the stew with flour.
给炖肉汁勾芡。


Try the grilled pork tenderloin with oven-baked potatoes, cauliflower and a truffle cream ( 90 kunas).
不妨尝尝这里的烤猪肉里脊配烤土豆、花椰菜和松露酱（90库纳）。

The portions are copious from beginning to end, starting with appetizers like escargot or melon with cured ham, moving on to the likes of grilled pork tenderloin and roasted sardines, before finishing in a wave of sweets that includes egg pudding and mango mousse.
这里的食物份量自始至终都十分丰盛，先是以法国蜗牛或冬瓜配腌火腿开胃，接着是烤里脊和烤沙丁鱼之类，最后则以一组包括鸡蛋布丁和芒果慕斯在内的甜点告终。

These hooks are sharp with long shanks.
这些钩身长的鱼钩很锋利。

Turn the shanks and baste them once or twice as they cook.
将小腿肉翻一下，烹调时在上面抹一两次油。


Pam was in the middle of basting the turkey
帕姆正在往烤鸡上淋油。

That sausage doesn't smell right.
这香肠闻起来不对劲。

Grill the sausages for ten minutes.
把香肠烤十分钟。

Place the sliced pork fillet on top and pour a little sauce over it.
把切成片的猪肉里脊放在上面，再往上浇点调味汁。

Pork is also the most versatile of meats. It can be roasted whole or in pieces
在肉类中，猪肉的做法也是最多的，可以整块烤来吃，也可以切片烤来吃。

They drugged the guard dog with doped meatballs
他们用掺了麻醉药的肉丸子麻醉了看门狗。

Squeeze a bit of orange juice onto the meatballs.
往肉丸子上挤点橙子汁。

They've never had anything spare — they've always used it all.
他们从没有任何备用的东西——他们总是把什么都用得一干二净。

I might need a spare set of clothes
我可能需要一套备用的衣服。

Make a small incision below the ribs.
在肋骨下方切开一个小口。

She was taken to the hospital with broken ribs and a punctured lung.
她肋骨骨折、肺部穿孔，被送往医院。

And processed meats like sausages, salami and bologna usually contain nitrosamines, although there are products now available that are free of these carcinogens.
加工肉类食品，像香肠、意大利腊肠和大腊肠，通常含有亚硝胺，虽然现在有不含这些致癌物的产品可供选择。

Ratso Rizzo: I was just, uh, noticing that you're out of salami.
拉茨·佐：我只是，嗯，注意到你露出了一些意大利腊肠。

They feasted us on filet mignon and strawberry shortcake.
他们拿出鱼片和草莓松脆饼盛情款待我们。

But what if you ate that volume of filet mignon?
但要是你吃相同量的菲力牛排会怎么样呢？

Sort out these papers and fasten them together with a clip, please.
请把这些文件整理一下，用夹子夹在一起。

She clipped two seconds off her previous best time.
她把自己之前的最佳纪录缩短了两秒。

The courses are long and punishing, with steep gradients.
这些赛道既长又有陡坡，极具挑战性。

The combined effect of uplift and denudation upon the temperature gradient can be obtained by formula ( 3.86).
抬升和剥蚀对温度梯度的联合效应可以根据公式（3.86）进行估定。

We don't do much in the evenings except watch television.
我们在晚上除了看电视不怎么干别的事。

I had nothing on except for my socks.
我除了短袜什么都没穿。

I was chosen to be a person who does not meet the status quo, then there will be a subsequent drop classes transfer.
可我又偏偏是一个不满足现状的人，然后就有了后来的降班，转学。

Three of them were killed in the subsequent encounter with the police.
他们中有三个人在后来与警察的冲突中被杀死。

Present situation and its future of the fabric fuzzing and pilling study
织物起毛起球研究现状分析与展望

Study on the Fuzzing and Pilling Performance of Milk Protein Fiber Knitted Fabrics
牛奶蛋白纤维针织产品起毛起球性能研究

Sometimes throwing InterruptedException is not an option, such as when a task defined by Runnable calls an interruptible method.
有时候抛出InterruptedException并不合适，例如当由Runnable定义的任务调用一个可中断的方法时，就是如此。

In this case, the event subprocess is interruptible ( denoted by the solid line around the message icon below)& we don't want the main process path to continue, but instead for control to switch to the activities inside the event subprocess.
在这种情况下，事件子流程是不可中断的（由下面的消息图表周围的实线表示）&我们不希望继续执行主要流程路径，而是希望将控制权转移给该事件子流程内的活动。

Using grep in many cases can give you the desired value.
在许多情况下使用grep可以得到需要的值。

Note that this is not regular expression matching as used by grep.
注意：这不是grep使用的正则表达式匹配。

Although I will have to go back and look at the art of ubiquity when I get back home.
只是我回去以后需要看看无处不在的艺术

In Japan, too, the brand has become a victim of its own ubiquity.
此外，优衣库也因在日本无处不在而反受其害。


In his preface, the author set forth his reasons for writing the book.
作者在前言中阐明了他写该书的原因。


The preface of the book includes an account of the author's life.
该书前言记述了作者生平。


Her dedication to her work was admirable.
她对工作的奉献精神可钦可佩。

They had faced one difficulty after another with bravery and dedication
他们以无畏和无私奉献的精神迎接了一个又一个的困难。

Please refer to the errata for this document, which may include some normative corrections.
请参阅本文档的勘误表，内或含有一些规范更正。

It provides links to a lot of great Web sites, including one for the book itself that supplies everything you'd expect: errata and source code for downloading, as well as a forum for asking questions.
它提供了许多到很好的Web站点的链接，包括关于书籍本身的提供了您所期望的每样东西的链接：勘误表和用于下载的源代码，以及用来提问题的论坛。

Before hitting send, check whether the company prefers footnotes or endnotes in cover letters, and if the latter, how they prefer the appendices organized.
发送邮件之前，确定该公司是否喜欢在求职信上加脚注或尾注。如果是后者，搞清他们青睐的附录组织方式。

Her observations helped dismiss the popular belief that insects spontaneously emerged from mud.
她的观察有助于驳斥人们的普遍看法:昆虫从泥中自发生成。

We spontaneously started to dance.
我们情不自禁地跳起舞来。

What does it feel like to combust?
燃烧的感觉象什么？

For example, a formulation with a predicted chamber temperature of1000 K will probably not combust at all.
例如，制定与预测室温度的1000k可能不会燃烧在所有。

He was wielding a large knife.
他挥舞着一把大刀。

The two firms wield enormous clout in financial markets.
两家公司在金融市场有非常大的影响力。

I found myself constantly pondering the question: 'How could anyone do these things?'
我发现自己总在思考这个问题：“怎么会有人做出这样的事情呢？”

There was a deep frown on his face when he was pondering a problem.
当他思考问题时，他双眉深锁。

The government worked in close collaboration with teachers on the new curriculum.
政府和教师就新的课程进行了紧密协作。

His main thesis is that the buzz of urban life, and the opportunities it offers for co-operation and collaboration, is what attracts people to the city, which in turn makes cities into the engines of art, commerce, science and progress.
他的主要论点是,城市生活的喧嚣,以及它为合作和协作提供的机会,是吸引人们来到城市的原因,而来到城市的人反过来又使城市成为艺术、商业、科学和进步的引擎。

I threw her a towel which she deftly caught.
我扔给她一块毛巾，她敏捷地接住了。

They deftly avoided answering my questions.
他们机智地避开了我的问题。

On the less cute and more scary side there is Actroid F, which is so human-like that some patients may not know the difference.
而少了点可爱、多了点恐怖的有Actroid F，它与人类如此相似，以至于一些患者可能不清楚其区别。

Randall Flagg is one of the scariest characters ever ．
兰德尔·弗拉格是有史以来最恐怖的角色之一。

The stock soared ( plunged) in heavy trading volume yesterday.
昨天该股放量上涨（跳水）。

Stock markets plunged at the news of the coup.
政变的消息一传来，股票市场便暴跌。

Tormented by her ignorance, Jenny delves into her mother's past
珍妮为自己的一无所知而苦恼，开始探究起母亲的过去。

Today's graphic delves into the reason why our species is afraid of the dark.
今天我们用图解来探究一下为什么我们这种生物会害怕黑暗。

The conversation got into the murky waters of jealousy and relationships.
交谈进入到爱妒交织的复杂话题。

He had a somewhat murky past.
他有一段不清白的过去。

He was wielding a large knife.
他挥舞着一把大刀。

She wields enormous power within the party.
她操纵着党内大权。

These screws are metric.
这些螺丝钉是用公制尺码制造的。

I can't get the screw to turn.
我拧不动这个螺丝钉。
